Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   ConnectWise Network Operations Center - NOC   NOC Service Statement of Work
NOC Service Statement of Work
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
1. Overview
2. Service Description
Coverage Hours
Location of Services
Access Level Roles
3. In Scope Services for NOC Service Level 1 and above
Server / Internet Down Management incident types / activity:
Patch Management incident types / activity:
OS Drive Disk Space Management incident types / activity:
Antivirus Management incident types / activity:
Hardware / Firmware Issues
Performance Management incident types / activity:
Windows Server Management incident types / activity
Virtualization Support and Management incident types / activity:
Exchange / O365 Management incident types / activity:
Active Directory Management incident types / activity:
DHCP Management incident types / activity:
Terminal Server/ RDS incident types/activity:
IIS Management alert types/activity:
SharePoint Management incident types/activity:
SQL Server Management incident types/activity:
Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) Management incident types/activity:
Performance Management:
Microsoft Entra ID
ESXI Host mapping
Distributed File System (DFS) Management and Activities
AD-HOC Requests
MSP Initiated Tickets
4. End client communication
5. Out-of-Scope Services
6. MSP Responsibilities
7. Service Level Objectives:
8. How to contact the NOC Service
9. Additional Resources
10. Revision History
1. Overview

This Statement of Work ("SOW”) for NOC Services has been entered into pursuant to the Schedule of Software and Services ("Schedule") between your organization (“You,” “Your” “MSP” or “Client”) and ConnectWise and the terms of the then current Master Agreement and the applicable Addendum(s) located at www.connectwise.com/legal (collectively the "Agreement"). Such terms are incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein.

The scope of the NOC Services may change, and we may update this document from time to time. It is your responsibility to check this SOW periodically for changes. ConnectWise will notify you of significant changes in our SOW in our monthly release notes. You may also check the revision history section of this document for recent changes.

2. Service Description

The goal of the NOC is to maintain Server/Endpoint performance and availability. The NOC provides 24x7 support. The NOC assists the Client with managing the activities described below.

Coverage Hours

24x7: 24 hours a day, 7 days a week coverage

Location of Services

NOC Services are provided from India. ConnectWise may also hire technicians via a work-from-home policy. The following service levels are based on where the service is being delivered from:

Voice: All incoming phone calls are routed through the interactive voice response (IVR) and managed by Supervisors and lead of respective teams within NOC.
Email communications: All incoming emails are routed by Supervisors and lead of respective teams within NOC
Tickets (Asio™ platform (ITSupport Portal)): All incoming tickets are routed by Supervisors and lead of respective teams within NOC
Chat Support: Chat Support is available through the Asio platform for initiating new work requests.

NOC Services are enabled at the site level in the Asio platform. There are four levels of service:

Access Level 0 does not allow NOC technicians to login to servers. The NOC will generate a ticket and ask for your approval to work on the issue.
Access Level 1 allows NOC technicians to login and diagnose an issue. The NOC will generate a ticket with troubleshooting steps for Client to fix the issue or provide approval to the NOC to attempt to resolve the issue
Access Level 2 allows NOC technicians to login and attempt to diagnose, and fix the issue, only if it does not require restarting services or rebooting the servers. If the issue does require restarting service or sever the NOC technician will generate a ticket for MSP approval. Non-Critical Services may be restarted without MSP approval.
Access Level 3 allows NOC technicians to login to the server. The NOC technician will log-in to the server, and attempt to diagnose and fix issues, and create a ticket to inform you that they have worked on the issue.
Access Level Roles
NOC SERVICE ON INCIDENTS PER ACCESS LEVEL
ROLES/ACCESS LEVEL	0	1	2	3
LOGIN	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
DIAGNOSE	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
FIX AND CONFIGURATION CHANGES	No	No	Yes	Yes
START THE STOPPED SERVICE	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
STOP AND RESTART SERVICES	No	No	Yes	Yes
START THE STOPPED SERVERS	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
SHUTDOWN AND RESTART SERVERS	No	No	No	Yes
3. In Scope Services for NOC Service Level 1 and above

ConnectWise will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide the following Services:

For each section below, NOC Technicians will acknowledge the incidents generated by the ConnectWise Alert Service. A list of active NOC supported alerts can be found here.

NOC Technicians will call the MSP based on the notification template configured to report the issue. NOC Technicians will log a ticket with the analysis and steps performed on the server as a part of troubleshooting.

Description of troubleshooting activities for access level 1, 2 and 3 (as per the permissions described above):

In the event of device down ConnectWise systems will send the incident to the NOC
After the ticket is generated by the monitoring condition, the ConnectWise NOC technicians will call MSP within 15 minutes after the incident created on the NOC service board.
Note: NOC Technicians will call the Client based on the notification template configured to report the issue.
NOC technicians will send the incident acknowledgement within 15 minutes of its generation and begin working on the incident
We access configured LOM URL (internal or external) from adjacent servers & from desktop (as configured by the MSP) and bring the server online by using the power cycle option available in LOM
In some cases, servers do not respond to start requests then such incidents are assigned to the next level of experts based on the server environment (VMware, Hyper-V, performance, NMS) for extended level troubleshooting.

The following section describes all categories of the incidents and activities covered. Detailed documentation on individual tickets and configures can be found in the Asio platform.

Server / Internet Down Management incident types / activity:
NOC monitors server status online/offline
For offline servers the NOC technician notifies Client via a phone call, for VMs on Host (VMware/Hyper-V) and Servers with Lights Out Management (LOM)
NOC technicians starts the server that is down or has been turned off
LOM must be configured for Hyper-V, if Hyper-V host and Virtual Machines are monitored, NOC can work on device down for Virtual machines.
LOM must be configured for VMware - VMware host & guest machines need to be under NOC monitoring for Device down cases.
To perform work on cloud apps, NOC uses Password Vault to route tickets. NOC requires that the password field be populated in Password Vault. 
Patch Management incident types / activity:
Enable deployment of Microsoft and non-Microsoft patches to managed systems. NOC divides patch policies into three basic categories: Microsoft Updates, Apple Updates, and Third-Party Updates.
Microsoft Updates: Consist of Core Patches (security and critical updates) and Optional Patches (non-security updates). Microsoft Security Monthly Rollups are part of the Security updates category within Core Patches and are tested by the NOC, while nonsecurity Microsoft updates and all other updates are not.  
OS Upgrade: Our platform offers a convenient feature called OS Upgrade, which facilitates the seamless upgrading of Windows and MAC endpoints to the most recent OS version. It's important to note that regular security updates, feature updates, and major upgrades are distinct functionalities. When you choose to utilize OS Upgrades and there are applicable OS Version upgrades identified in the assessment, we will initiate the deployment of the OS upgrade according to the schedule specified in Deploy Feature ConnectWise Confidential and Proprietary Information Updates/OS Upgrades. Note: macOS Major upgrades are only available for intel-based Mac endpoints and do not support ARM/Silicon-based Mac machines.
Feature Update Deployment: The automated option for Feature Update Deployment enables partners to maintain machines on the Supported Windows 10 and 11 operating system versions. This feature specifically targets Windows 10 & 11 endpoints that are currently running on an End of Support OS version and automatically upgrades them to a supported OS version. 
Apple Updates: Apple updates are made available as needed by Apple and include updates for Apple applications and Mac. Apple updates are deployable through ConnectWise patch policies after the first patch assessment scan is released by Microsoft. Note: macOS updates are only available for intel-based Mac endpoints and do not support ARM/Silicon-based Mac machines.  
Third-Party Updates: Updates to third-party applications, including those from Adobe, Apple, Chrome, FireFox 
Windows Monthly Rollup Testing. The NOC performs Windows Monthly Rollup Testing before deploying them to the client machines. NOC tests each rollup and publishes findings on the Monthly Rollup Testing Reports 
Missing desktop and server patches are identified by our monitoring agent during patch assessment. To undergo automatic patch assessment, a resource must be online at the time the assessment is scheduled. The Agent runs a Patch assessment every 4 hours and immediately after the endpoint restarts. The assessment is also performed immediately after any Patch installation (Manual or Auto-deployment) to get the latest information. For more information review the OS patching Documentation.
OS Drive Disk Space Management incident types / activity:
Unable to install critical OS security updates.
Unable to perform backups.
Failure to run Application Server roles properly (i.e., SQL jobs/Exchange)
Disk Read/Write latency
Deteriorated performance while functioning server roles.
Non OS Drive incidents are assigned to MSP; MSP may reassign to NOC with instructions
Antivirus Management incident types / activity:
ConnectWise provides a license for Webroot Endpoint Protection with specific CW RMM packages.
NOC provides a Webroot integration policy to automatically install and uninstall Webroot Endpoint Protection agent on the systems.
Hardware / Firmware Issues

On Servers, the Noc assists on firmware and driver updates on a reactive basis upon partner request but then expects the Client to identify the supported version and provide downloaded drivers or URL.

For Desktops firmware and driver updates can be initiated by opening a service request with the Project Assistance team at a charge 

10 Network devices per site per month can be upgraded if an Auvik is installed 

For network devices without Auvik, firmware and driver updates can be initiated by opening a service request with the Project Assistance team at a charge  

Performance Management incident types / activity:
Operating system crash and hang-related issues
Application hangs and crashes
Memory dump analysis
Key Operating System Performance Metrics – Monitoring and Troubleshoot
Resource utilization monitoring and fine-tuning. Ex- Memory, CPU usage
Windows Installer Service
Windows Management Instrumentation
Component Object Model (COM)/COM+/Distributed COM \DCOM
Windows Printing (Spooler Service)
Printer Publishing in Active Directory
Windows Server Management incident types / activity
Service Control Manager – Windows Services status check
No-Boot Scenario with a memory dump
If a memory dump is required, the incident will be escalated to the MSP for instructions and approval. 
Driver and firmware update
Volume Shadow copy services
Disk Drive Management
RAID monitoring and Management are provided on a best-effort basis
Virtualization Support and Management incident types / activity:
Hypervisor OS version, IP Address, Hostname, Hardware status.
Hypervisor storage details, CPU Count, Memory Size.
Virtual machine configuration details like Name, Operating System, CPU Count, Memory Size, Disk Size, Snapshot details, powered ON or OFF.
CPU, Memory, Network I/O & Storage utilization on Hypervisor & Virtual Machine level.
Latest error message / Open incident under Hypervisor.
NOC also provide support for Citrix XENApp till 6.5 version. Like Hypervisor provides multiple virtual machines under single hardware, Citrix XENApp offered application streaming, also known as Application Virtualization. XenApp allows to install applications on a server and then access those applications without having to install anything on the client apart from the Citrix client software. All processing is done by the server.
Along with this Virtualization, NOC Team does support for Windows Cluster Setups wherein monitoring & management the issue reported by our Intellimon system are handled with timely resolution. The major support components are Cluster availability, Node Management & Cluster Shared Volume.
NOC also provides basic level request-based support for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure) Cloud infrastructure-related issues raised by MSP.
Works on Microsoft Hyper-V replication related issues.
Exchange / O365 Management incident types / activity:
Defrag and repair Exchange servers
Update expired web certificates
Ensuring features like OWA, ECS, Outlook anywhere, Auto discover remains in healthy state
Mailbox size management
High reliability infrastructure maintenance e.g. DAG/Cluster
Supporting Cloud user Management
Creating Mailboxes and assigning licenses & permissions (limited to 10 mailboxes)
Recover “Deleted” mailboxes/emails
Create & configure retention policies / transport rules
Import/Export Mailboxes/Emails via e-discovery/outlook
Hybrid Configuration Wizard issues (Certificate expires/endpoint credentials/additional domain adding)
Mail-flow issues with Exchange/O365
Outlook connectivity in Hybrid Configuration (Adding entries in Registry / GPO)
DNS records of O365 (SPF/DKIM/DMARC)
Office 365 app for Business updates
Public Folder permissions
Message trace to check emails is being quarantined which needs to be released
Enable Conditional Access / MFA
Troubleshooting on Groups (M365, DL, Security Groups)
Troubleshooting on Microsoft Teams / SharePoint Online / OneDrive issues
Troubleshooting on issues related to Microsoft Intune.
Active Directory Management incident types / activity:
Microsoft Entra ID Integration
User management
Group Policy
Permissions
Database Management
Org and OU management
DHCP Management incident types / activity:
Database Backup
DHCP Scope maintenance
The incident will be escalated to the MSP for instructions and approval. 
Service Monitoring
IP Address Management
Terminal Server/ RDS incident types/activity:
RDS roles and services troubleshooting
Connection Broker, RD Gateway, RD Licensing, and RD Web Access
Remote Desktop Client and Web Client
Local and Redirected Printing
Client-Side Redirection
IIS Management alert types/activity:
Service monitoring
Site migration server to server
Certificate related issues
SharePoint Management incident types/activity:
SharePoint
Database Management
Site Management
Certificate Management
Permission
User Management
SQL Server Management incident types/activity:
Database Monitoring and Management
Service / Instance break fix
Client Connectivity
Backup / Restore
Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) Management incident types/activity:
We check the following VSS writers only - NTDS Writer, Microsoft Exchange Writer, MSDEWriter / SqlServerWriter, System Writer, IIS Metabase Writer.
Check for free space and dirty bit on the volumes
Check and remediate if VSS writers are not listed at all
Restart the corresponding services for the above-described 5 VSS writers
Performance Management:
Operating system crash and hang-related issues
Application hangs and crashes
Memory dump analysis
The incident will be escalated to the MSP for instructions and approval.
Key Operating System Performance Metrics – Monitoring and Troubleshoot
Resource utilization monitoring and fine-tuning. Ex- Memory, CPU usage
Windows Installer Service
Windows Management Instrumentation
Component Object Model (COM)/COM+/Distributed COM \DCOM
Windows Printing (Spooler Service)
Printer Publishing in Active Directory
Microsoft Entra ID
Microsoft Entra ID Sync Not Running
Microsoft Entra ID Sync Failures
Microsoft Entra ID Connectivity Failures
Microsoft Entra ID Duplicate Failures
Issues related to “Entra ID Join” workstations.
Upgrading Microsoft Entra ID Connect to the latest versions
Syncing issues with the Entra ID Connect & O365 (Hard/Soft Match)
Troubleshooting the errors that occur in Entra ID Connect
Entra ID Connect service crashing issues
Adding the permissions to the Admin account of Entra Connect
Enable Conditional Access / MFA
Configure special attribute rules in Entra Connect
ESXI Host mapping

When a VMware guest machine is found down, the NOC can proactively restart it provided all the following conditions are met:

The Site is on Elite Servers.
A Server Agent is installed on the VMware Guest machine.
The Host is being monitored by a Server Agent installed on a probe machine.
Credentials for the Host machine are saved in the Application Vault.
Port 16447 is open between the VMware guest machine and the probe machine
Distributed File System (DFS) Management and Activities
DFS Namespace or Replication Service - Not in Running State.
DFS Replication service was unable to recover from an internal database error on volume.
DFSR - Replication service stopped replication on volume.
DFSR - The replicated folder has been offline for too long.
The DFS Replication service has stopped communicating with its partner.
DFSR database corruption or internal error caused replication to fail.
Improper staging size configured, causing DFSR replication issue.
Authoritative and non-authoritative restore of Sysvol and Data configured in DFSR.
AD-HOC Requests

NOC undertakes AD-HOC requests described below from MSPs by opening a ticket through the Asio platform.

Service Pack Installation during off-hours.
Driver updates for servers.
Firmware updates (with Lights Out Management access or if vendor provides access through the console)
Server Cluster Health Checks and remediation/recommendation for improvement.
Citrix XenApp hotfixes, rollup installations, and configuration.

Exchange:

Defrag and repair Exchange servers.
Update expired web certificates.
Configure recipient update policies for multiple domains.
Health Checks for Exchange Servers, which includes running the Best Practice Analyzer and resolving any detected issues.
Upgrade to latest CU and Security updates
Mail-flow issues (Firewall/Spam filters)
Network connectivity between Exchange and DC
Exchange Certificate & Webconfig issues
Exchange Performance issues
Configure Retention policies & Transport Rules
Database issues (Defrag/Mount/Dismount/Repair)
Outlook Connectivity / Out-of-office / OWA / ECP / ECS / Freebusy issues
Mailbox permissions & Mobile device connectivity
DAG connectivity issues (Replication/Corruption/Seeding)
DAG Configuration and cluster-related issues
Exchange backup issues
Mailboxes restore from backups
Troubleshooting on groups (DDL, DL, Security)
Import/Export Mailboxes/Emails via e-discovery/outlook

VMware:

Health Checks of configurations, including vCPU and memory and network setup.
Review error logs using vSphere or vCenter.
Reconfigure VMs and host data stores.

Hyper-V:

Health Checks including network setup, memory cache, and RAID configuration.
Configure VMs.

Active Directory:

Check Flexible Single Master Operation (FSMO) roles.
Check master role.
Check primary domain controller (DC) (if multiple DCs in different geographical locations).
Check DC replication.
Check database integrity (if downtime provided).
Perform Distributed File System Replication (DRFS) (review and recommend changes if implemented; major changes must be submitted as a project).

Azure:

Change the size of Azure virtual machine
Manage No-Boot / access related issues for Azure VM
Changes to any Azure network related setting
Hyper-V to Azure replication related issues
Azure Windows virtual desktop access related issues.
Azure storage related issues
Azure Recovery Services vault backup related issues.
MSP Initiated Tickets

MSP may also initiate tickets to perform the following tasks by opening a ticket through the Asio platform. Requests which lead to over 60 minutes of time need to be reviewed and approved by the NOC. For requests that fall out of scope please leverage Project Assistance Services.

Exchange troubleshooting

Outlook Web or Outlook Anywhere Access
DAG replication
Active Sync issues
Spam issues
Auto-discovery feature issues
Restore mailboxes as part of a disaster recovery
Outlook calendar issues

Remote Desktop troubleshooting

Login issues
Gateway policies
Web access
Single sign on
Licensing
Session issues (including timeout, printing, broken gateway, user profile, and certificates)
Remote application access
Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) port

VMware troubleshooting

Virtual Machine Resource Management (i.e., increase or decrease CPU/Memory/Disk)
Snapshot Management
Virtual machine performance tuning
Host performance tuning
ESXi host datastore storage troubleshooting
Installation of VMware ESXi host & vCenter related updates
Update VMware tools, VM hardware.
Work on vSphere replication related issues.
ESXi host, Virtual Machines maintenance activities.

Hyper-V troubleshooting

Virtual Machine Resource Management (i.e., increase or decrease CPU/Memory/Disk)
Checkpoint Management
Virtual machine performance tuning
Host performance tuning
Hyper-V failover cluster management
Hyper-V network performance tuning

Citrix XenApp Server troubleshooting

Login
Secure gateway
Web access
Single sign on
Licensing
Session issues (including time out, printing, user profile, and certificate)
Publish applications (including access, streaming, and publishing issues)
Port
Load balancing
XTE Service

Server performance issues

Check the event viewer for performance-specific events, including high CPU, low memory, memory leaks, and slow response
Chkdsk in read/only
Free space
Task Manager check (CPU, memory)
Performance counters (CPU, memory, disk, network, etc.)
Hardware event logs

Email Delivery Issue:

Email Delivery Delay
Emails visible in OWA but not in Outlook application
Multiple users with email failures
Email bounce back to user
Unable to receive an email from specific domains
Troubleshoot Email issue with the help of NDR (Non-Delivery Report)

Group Policy Failures:

Group policy not getting Applied
Group Policy not Working
Any issues arising due to Group Policy Settings

Office 365:

User object and Password sync is not syncing
Recover deleted emails
Create and configure retention policies
Enable archive on mailbox
Import and Export PST
Enabling Multi-Factor Authentication
Need to Remove Single User from Dynamic Distribution Group
Adding User to Block List
Convert User to Shared Mailbox
Incloud User from O365 to Convert to Sync with AD

Microsoft Entra ID:

Entra VM into No boot state
Entra virtual machine backup failure
Entra Hyper-V replication failure
Increase memory of CPU virtual machine
Increase disk size of Entra VM
Assign permission to any user on Entra instances
Change Entra VM instance size
Make changes to existing Microsoft Entra ID Intune policies
Entra ID Windows Hello break fix
Troubleshooting existing Entra ID Site to site to VPN issues
Entra Virtual machine connectivity issue

Windows server errors (including blue screens, memory dumps and errors related to third-party applications in ConnectWise’)

BSOD - Server reboots unexpectedly with memory dump
Unable to open MMC / Event Viewer / Server Manager
DCOM & WMI issue
.net framework issue
Unable to install any application (Windows Installer issue)
Disk expansion after Low Disk Space issue
4. End client communication

NOC does not communicate directly with MSP’s clients. If the MSP subscribes to the Help Desk Service, the MSP may reassign the ticket to the Help Desk to coordinate with the MSP’s Client. 

5. Out-of-Scope Services

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the following services are out of scope and ConnectWise shall not have any responsibility or liability for such services.

Third-party back-up

No support for third party backup configuration, troubleshooting or data restoration.

SAN/NAS Storage

NOC does not support Storage related such as NAS configuration, upgradation, or troubleshooting.

Installation of third party software through Group Policy Objects

NOC does not support the installation of third party software through group policy or scripting.

Third-party applications

NOC does not support any 3rd Party application such as Quick books, MySQL etc. we can assist Client’s request for any specific requisites such as certain net framework installation for application to work but do not directly support or work on 3rd party apps.

MSP Ad Hoc Requests estimated over 60 minutes in duration per month.

Adhoc requests which lead to over 60 minutes of time need to be reviewed and approved by the NOC. For requests that fall out of scope please leverage Project Assistance Services

Network Monitoring – Auvik escalatations only 

Desktop Patching 

If a patch policy for the site fails, the NOC will respond to MSP Initiated requests to address the failure and redeploy the patch 

Custom Monitor 

Patching troubleshooting before a patch is tested by SRT and deployed by the Patch Policy 

Creation of reports

Anything not specifically identified as in scope

6. MSP Responsibilities

MSP is solely responsible for the following tasks and MSP acknowledges and agrees that ConnectWise shall be relieved of its obligations to the extent MSP fails to fulfill the responsibilities set forth below.

Review the list of alerts that the NOC supports. 
NOC Services Enabled at the Site Level in Asio platform with Access Level 1 or Above
The Server must have the RMM Agent installed
The Server must have ConnectWise Control enabled
End Point Password for Physical Servers added to Passwords tab through the Asio platform
Providing access level configuration at the server level
Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops through the Asio platform
Reviewing tickets assigned or escalated to MSP by the NOC
Updating the notification templates
Configure patch policies and reboot schedules. The NOC will manually reboot servers only from alerts generated by failures of the automatic reboot. 
Enabling NOC services at Site level
LOM must be configured in passwords tab for physical server/VMware ESXi host.
LOM must be configured for Hyper-V, if Hyper-V host and Virtual Machines are monitored so NOC can proactively work on device down for Virtual machines.
LOM must be configured for VMware - VMware host & guest machines need to be under NOC monitoring for proactive work on Device down scenario by NOC.
Role management for Entra
Enable IT Glue integration
7. Service Level Objectives:

The table below provides NOC guidelines for acknowledging support requests, starting work on tickets, and providing status updates for in-progress, critical-impact tickets. These guidelines represent an objective for delivering NOC services and support across all clients; however, response times may vary by client or by client-site conditions.

NO responds to requests in a manner that is consistent with an issue's severity as determined by ConnectWise in its sole discretion.

NOC Service	Time Frame Objective	Target Service Level
Acknowledge emails	Within 4 hours (start time depends on criticality) **	99%
Acknowledge tickets	Within 4 hours (start time depends on criticality)	95%
Begin work on server down tickets with Light Out Management (Elite)	Within 15 minutes	99.5%
Begin work on critical impact (emergency) incidents	Within 1 hour	98%
Begin scheduled tickets	Within the specified window, provided that the start time is frozen no less than 4 hours in advance	99%
Update critical impact (emergency) tickets	Every 3-4 hours, once work has begun	95%
Resolution Rate for full NOC Access Levels	Within 24 Hours	80%
8. How to contact the NOC Service

To contact the NOC about an issue, through ConnectWise Home, select support, open a case or follow the NOC Support links through the Chat with Agent by selecting: Chat Now → Support Area: Using ConnectWise Products & Experiencing Technical Issues → Type: Technical Issues → Product Line: NOC Services.

9. Additional Resources
How to secure servers through Passwords tab
Multi-factor Authentication. Learn how the NOC can support MFA
Reports: Learn how can get various reports through our reports section
Enable IT Glue integration
IP listing to enable Integrated Services, including Help Desk Service.
NOC Supported Alerts 
10. Revision History
Document Version	Date Published	Revision Description	Notes
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Ad Hoc - VMware	Last three bullets added to in scope services
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Ad Hoc - Azure	New Section
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Ad Hoc Requests -Exchange Several Additions	Several Additions – 4th Bullet to end of Section
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Distributed File System	New Section Addition
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Exchange/O365	Several Additions – 4th Bullet to end of Section
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - MS Entra Connect Sync	Several Additions – 6th Bullet to end of Section
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - Virtualization	Added MS Hyper-V
8/7/2025	9/15/2025	In Scope - LOM	Password fields need to be populated in Password Vault for the ticket Routing to NOC to be enabled. Without Passwords, the ticket will be automatically escalated to MSP for missing credentials.
2/13/2025	2/17/2025	Patch Management Section 3	Grammar updates and updated links to NOC Patch testing Reports
2/13/2025	2/17/2025	Antivirus Management Section 3	Updated based on AV Policy available through RMM
2/13/2025	2/17/2025	How to Contact the NOC Service	Added path to initiate a chat with the NOC Service through ConnectWise Home
2/13/2025	2/17/2025	Out of Scope	Out of ScopeEnd Client Communication – Added steps for MSPs that have both NOC and Help Desk Service for Client Communication
2/13/2025	2/17/2025	Out of Scope	Clarified MSPs option to open a service request for Desktop patching failures
10/29/2021	11/1/2021	Reformatted and Simplified Structure of document	Goal is to clearly state what is in scope and what is out of scope and MSP responsibilities for a successful partnership
4/1/2022	4/1/2022	Updated How to Contact NOC	Section updated based on latest processes
4/1/2022	4/1/2022	Removed NOC Certifications	Not a SOW related section. Removed
4/1/2022	4/1/2022	New Section 10	Added Revision History
6/1/2022	6/1/2022	Section 3, second bullet	RAID – Added service is performed at a best effort basis
6/1/2022	6/1/2022	Windows Server Management	RAID – Added service is performed at a best effort basis
6/1/2022	6/1/2022	Office 365 MSP Initiated Tickets	Added work performed by NOC for Office 365
6/1/2022	6/1/2022	Azure MSP Initiated Tickets	Added work performed by the NOC for Azure


7/1/2023

	

n/a

	

NOC Service Chat Support

	

Rephrased to clarify what MSPs can do through Chat




7/1/2023

	

n/a

	

Throughout document

	

Changed ‘alert’ to ‘incident’




7/1/2023

	

n/a

	

3rd party patching

	

Added Chrome




7/1/2023

	

Active Directory

	

Changes to DFSR

	

Changes to DFSR will only be performed along with or with detailed instructions from MSP


12/8/23	12/8/23	Updated Azure AD references to Microsoft Entra ID.	Microsoft Azure  Active Directory was rebranded to Microsoft Entra ID. 
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	3 – In Scope Services	Added new OS Upgrade and Future Update Deployment sections under Patch Management incident type/activity
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	3 – In Scope Services	Under Hardware/Firmware Issues – added detail under three new bullet point
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	Throughout Document	Azure to Entra and Azure AD to Entra ID Brand Name Change
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	Hardware/Firmware Issues – Microsoft Entra	Added the need for MSPs to update the role configuration to be able to restart the service
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	Out of Scope	

Added:

Network monitoring is an escalate only for Auvik
Desktop patching
Work against custom/partner created monitoring
Patch troubleshooting before the patch is approved by SRT

10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	Additional Resources	Added link to NOC-supported monitoring conditions
10/3/2024 	10/7/2024 	How to Contact NOC	Added direct links to Expert Services Asio Support Section and Removed the option to use NOC IM or Slack
NOC Escalation Procedure Setting NOC Access Levels
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
NOC Access Levels
Setting NOC Access Levels
Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
Changes to NOC Proactive Remediation
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.