Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   Help Desk Success Checklist
Help Desk Success Checklist
Last updated
Feb 5, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Activation Checklist
Overview

Integrating the Help Desk into your operation ensures seamless support for your end users. A caller identification system creates a white-label experience that becomes a natural extension of your organization. Chats and phone calls will be routed to a team supporting your selected level of service. Technicians can build relationships and begin solving problems immediately without needing basic customer information.

The more complete information you provide to ConnectWise Help Desk Services upfront, the easier your Help Desk implementation will be. Proper activation will help you offer a completely white-labeled, seamless experience for your clients. After set-up, continued maintenance will ensure long-term success.

Activation Checklist

For a successful implementation, follow this checklist as you work through each section to Activate the Help Desk.

PHASE 1: Learning and Preparation
□	Click I’m Interested in the Asio Platform
□	Receive Email with links to educational resources
□	Review the Getting Started with ConnectWise Help Desk Services lessons.
□	

Prepare marketing material:

Help Desk Solution Overview Template 

□	Review materials and reach out to your Account Management team with questions
  PHASE 2: Planning and Information Gathering
□	Determine the site to be activated
□	Conduct an internal kickoff meeting
□	Hold a project kickoff meeting with client
□	Download and complete the Help Desk Activation Workbook
PHASE 3: Technical Setup and Configurations
□	Select Help Desk product and service options
□	Configure Help Desk chat
□	

Create a notification rule

Identify a group number for simple inquiries
Setup Help Desk inquiry line

□	Deploy RMM agents to desktops and servers
□	

Complete the Help Desk tab:

Basic Info
Client Profile
Security Releated Requests

□	Enable automated passwords
□	Add additional passwords
□	Complete network info (If device/feature support is expected, information is required)
□	Setup unlicensed software approvals
□	Add reference documents
PHASE 4: Verification
□	Conduct internal review and verification (by your team)
□	Email HD activation
□	Provide/clarify additional content
□	Receive activation approval from HD activation team
PHASE 5: Enablement and Expectation Training
□	Prepare and send internal communication
□	

Hold client training and enablement meetings and leverage the following customizable resources:

Client Training Presentation Template
Contact the Help Desk Template

□	Go-Live
PHASE 6: Maintenance
□	Plan review cycle
□	Review/update internal processes and project templates and update documentation
□	Conduct weekly review of escalations for first 30 days and update documentation as needed
Help Desk Services - DUO User Administration IT Glue Integration Guide
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Help Desk Chat
The Help Desk Chat application allows your clients to get Help Desk support quickly and easily right from their machine's desktop, taskbar, or notific...
Help Desk Activation Checklist
Help Desk Best Practices
Activating Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.