Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   User Onboarding and Termination
User Onboarding and Termination
Last updated
May 23, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
User Onboarding
User Termination
Sample Onboarding Reference
Overview

The following steps can be used as a template for your own onboarding and termination process or can be customized as a first step in creating your own industry best practice aligned processes.  At the bottom of this page, you’ll find a full version of an onboarding reference that follows the template listed here.

User Onboarding
Determine who is required/allowed to send in onboarding requests.
This will allow you to skip approvals steps by having only the on-site approver submit onboarding/termination requests or prepare users for required approvals.
Determine the timing for onboarding steps.
How far in advance should onboarding requests be submitted?  How much lead time, on average, is required to complete the request?
Document where user accounts primarily exist.
Is the site using Entra ID, on-prem Active Directory, local accounts, another provider? 
If accounts are on-prem Active Directory, document which server is the primary domain controller.
Document the naming convention and domain for new users.
Creating users with the same naming convention across the site will make searching and making mass adjustments easier. 
Be sure to consider edge cases such as how multiple users with the same or similar name are handled within the naming convention.
Document how user credentials are handled.
Industry best practice is to avoid generic or identical credentials.
Credentials should be random, following strong credential guidelines (8+ characters, number, letters, special characters).
Determine if credentials should be sent to the user requesting new user setup or to the new user directly.
When possible, credentials should be required to reset upon first login.
Document how email is set up.
If users receive an email address automatically, document any license type or special instructions for email addresses.
If using an on-prem email service, be sure to document which server houses the email service.
If users receive any extra services, such as software to add signatures, document how to apply those.
Determine if new user creation includes computer setup.
If so, document who provides the computer name and prepares it for Help Desk Services access.
Document any software that should be added to the computer prior to new user initial login.
If software requires setup after new user initial login, create a separate reference for that.
Document any locations of software (manufacturer’s websites, server locations, preferred versions, etc).
Document additional accounts the new user requires.
Document location and account type required for software and services outside of basic user accounts.
Document which administrator account should be used to access account setup.
Document the naming convention for each type of account.
Document specific settings required for each additional account.
User Termination
Determine who is required/allowed to send in onboarding requests.
This will allow you to skip approvals steps by having only the on-site approver submit onboarding/termination requests or prepare users for required approvals.
Determine the timing for onboarding steps.
How far in advance should onboarding requests be submitted?  How much lead time, on average, is required to complete the request?
Document where user accounts primarily exist.
Is the site using Entra ID, on-prem Active Directory, local accounts, another provider? 
If accounts are on-prem Active Directory, document which server is the primary domain controller.
Document which additional accounts should be removed.
Accounts with the ability to be disabled instead of deleted should be disabled.
This ensures data integrity and is industry best practice.
Accounts which are disabled can be returned more easily than attempting to restore a deleted account.
Primary user accounts (Entra ID, Active Directory, local workstation accounts) should remain until the end of the process to avoid issues.
Determine how to handle email accounts.
Should email accounts be turned into group or shared mailboxes?
Who should receive access to these mailboxes?
Industry best practice is to retain access to the account, when possible, according to good retention guidelines for the region.
Determine how to handle file sharing.
Who should receive access to these shares?
Industry best practice is to retain access to the shared files, when possible, according to good retention guidelines for the region.
Document any software that should be removed from the user’s workstation.
Determine how accounts should be disabled or deleted.
Accounts with the ability to be disabled instead of deleted should be disabled.
This ensures data integrity and is industry best practice.
Accounts which are disabled can be returned more easily than attempting to restore a deleted account.
Consider not only disabling accounts, but changing to a random, strong password prior to disabling to ensure security.
Document additional steps.
If the requestor should receive specific information about the termination, be sure to document those items.
If the case should be escalated after work is completed due to steps only the partner can perform, document how best to do this.
Document any other items required prior to completion of the termination process.
Sample Onboarding Reference
New user onboarding requests should be submitted by Marge Douglas. Any other requests must be approved by Marge.
Unless otherwise stated by Marge, onboarding requests should be worked immediately.
Create the new user in Active Directory on server PDC1-2024.
New users should be set up like this:
Navigate to the OU people\standard users
Copy the user usertemplate
Username is firstinitiallastname (Ex: jsmith for John Smith)
Users whose username would match an existing user should follow firstinitialmiddleinitiallastname (Ex: jasmith for John Adam Smith)
Domain is @zephyrshoes.com
Generate the password
Passwords should be 12 characters; 1 upper, 1 lower, 1 number, 1 special
Passwords should be set to change at first login
Initial passwords should be random, not recognizable words or phrases
Synchronize to M365 using an administrative PowerShell session from the PDC
Log in to M365 admin to set up email
Confirm user information synced successfully
Apply Business Standard license
If no licenses are available, call Marge and request she add a license
If the original request included a computer name, continue to the next step. If not, resolve the ticket and email Marge.
Set up the user’s new computer
Log in to Windows as the new user
Change the user’s password to a temporary new password
Log in to portal.office.com as the new user
Download and install Office
Install FootTraffic from \\zephyrf1\soft\foottraffic\installer.exe
On the FootTraffic setup page, enter the following:
Server:  zephyrf1
User:  enter the username you created earlier in this reference
Role:  pedestrian
Log out as the new user
Log in to PDC1-2024
Reset the user’s password
Passwords should be 12 characters; 1 upper, 1 lower, 1 number, 1 special
Passwords should be set to change at first login
Initial passwords should be random, not recognizable words or phrases
IT Glue Integration Guide Expert Services Release Notes
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Help Desk Activation Checklist
Help Desk Best Practices
Help Desk Success Checklist
Use this checklist to help successfully integrate Help Desk to your operations and ensure seamless support for your end users.
Activating Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.