Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Integrations to ConnectWise RMM   Webroot   Webroot Activation Checklist
Webroot Activation Checklist
Last updated
Jul 17, 2023
Table of contents
Overview 
Checklist 
Set Up Your Webroot Account 
Create Webroot Sites 
Create Administrators, Setup Policies, and Alerts 
Deploy Webroot to Endpoints 
Uninstall Existing Endpoint Protection Software 
Overview 

This document provides a high-level checklist for activating Webroot in the Webroot console and in the Asio Platform.

Checklist 

Before deploying Webroot to any endpoints (server or desktop) ensure the RMM agent version is 527 or later. To verify the current RMM version on the resource, go to RMM Setup > Agent Version Update, then select the site and click the number in the Needs Update column.

Set Up Your Webroot Account 
In the Asio Platform, go to Admin > Products & Services > Webroot Endpoint Protection License Management and complete the Webroot Sign Up fields.
Wait for the confirmation email and follow the link to log in to the Webroot console and validate your account.
Ensure the appropriate Webroot firewall exclusions have been set up on your firewall.
Create Webroot Sites 
Create your Webroot sites either directly from the Asio Platform (recommended) or in the Webroot console. An option when creating a site in the Webroot console is to select the default policy. We strongly recommend that you run the Silent Audit policy with the first scan on a few of your endpoints. The Silent Audit only reports on threats and does not quarantine them.
Create Administrators, Setup Policies, and Alerts 
In the Webroot console, create your Administrators and Policies.
Create a new Global Policy that will be used for all endpoints after the Silent Audit runs. This new Global Policy can be a copy of the Silent Audit policy that you modify.
If desired, create Alerts so you are notified when scans run.
Deploy Webroot to Endpoints 
In the Asio Platform, deploy Webroot on a limited number of endpoints before deploying to all so you can review scan results to see what threats are valid and what can be excluded via threat overrides.
If desired, create endpoint groups in the Webroot site console.
Deploy Webroot to existing endpoints by using Webroot installation scripts with Silent Audit policy. 
Configure automated Webroot deployment for future endpoints by enabling the Install Webroot site-level product option.
Run the Webroot console Global Policy on all endpoints at your site. This policy will run from now on.
Uninstall Existing Endpoint Protection Software 
When an endpoint is running smoothly with Webroot, you can then remove any previously installed endpoint protection software via Scripting.

Once you have set up your Webroot account and sites, use the Webroot Security Dashboard in the Asio Platform to see the Webroot status of all protected resources, both at the site and machine level.

 
Getting Started with Webroot Endpoint Protection Webroot Best Practices
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Getting Started with Webroot Endpoint Protection
Webroot Best Practices
Webroot Billing
Webroot Reporting
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.