Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Integrations to ConnectWise RMM   Webroot   Webroot Integration 2.0 – Non-bundled Integration
Webroot Integration 2.0 – Non-bundled Integration
Last updated
Nov 4, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Features of Webroot Integration 2.0
Prerequisites
For RMM Solution
Supported Operating Systems
For Webroot Integration
Enabled Webroot Account
Step 1: Configuring Webroot Integration in Asio Platform
Enabling the Integration
Product Setup
Site Mapping and New Webroot Site Creation
Step 2: Defining Webroot Installation Policies in Asio Platform
Step 3: Webroot Information on Devices Page in Asio Platform
Overview

Webroot SecureAnywhere® Business Endpoint Protection is an anti-virus product used by a majority of MSPs. Webroot uses cloud data centers to instantly protect users from every new threat it finds. You can manage your Webroot configuration from the Webroot Site Mapping section in the Integrations menu. You can track Webroot endpoints on the Devices page by filtering the Integration on Webroot EPP in the Asio™ Platform (ITSupport Portal).

Note: This page is for partners whose Webroot license is not purchased/managed via ConnectWise. If your Webroot license is purchased/managed via ConnectWise, refer to Webroot Integration 2.0 - Bundled Integration

Features of Webroot Integration 2.0

The following are some of the features of the new Webroot integration:

The Webroot product will have an integration-based configuration.
Webroot deployment will be through policies and packages.
Partners will have the ability to override the configuration at the endpoint level.
Data received from Webroot will be stored in custom attributes which can be reused at multiple areas.
A detailed view of additional data will be available on the Devices page under the Integrations dropdown.
Prerequisites
For RMM Solution
Supported Operating Systems

To see the list of operating systems supported by RMM, review the RMM Agent Prerequisites.

For Webroot Integration

To see the list of operating systems supported by Webroot, review the Webroot System Requirements.

Enabled Webroot Account

If you have not registered for Webroot, follow the steps to activate your Webroot account here.

Alternatively, ConnectWise also provides Webroot License Management as a part of our Bundled Integration. Reach out to your account manager for more details.

Step 1: Configuring Webroot Integration in Asio Platform
Enabling the Integration
Navigate to Integrations > My Integrations.
The Webroot EPP card will be inactive. To enable it, click the slider on the card.


Product Setup

 

Enter the information in the following fields to successfully establish a connection with the Webroot account via Asio platform:

Note: The GSM Super Admin credentials are required to establish a successful connection. Keep them handy while setting up the integration. If you do not know the details, click here on more information about how to access them.

Username – Email address of the user
Password – Password of the user
Client ID – Unique ID assigned to the client application
Client Secret – Password for authorizing the client application
GSM Key – Also called as Parent Key Code, which is a keycode assigned to the selected console

Click Generate Token. Ensure connection has been established successfully. In case of an error in establishing the connection, verify the credentials you have entered.
Click Proceed.
Site Mapping and New Webroot Site Creation

 

If the Auto-mapper/Find Matches functionality is enabled for you, you can use it to auto-map Asio sites to existing Webroot sites. To know more about the auto-mapper functionality and how it works, review the Integration Setup Automapping.

Note: Although the auto-mapper function will show the best mapping combinations, you will have to verify whether the mapping is correct or not.

This section allows mapping Asio Platform Company Site or Asio Platform sites to Webroot sites. If there are any existing Webroot sites, they can be selected from the dropdown.
A new Webroot site can be created using the Add New Site option in the same dropdown.


Enter the name for the new Webroot site in the textbox.


Click Save And Proceed.
Mapped Devices column will show the number of devices currently having Webroot installed on them out of the total number of devices present on that site in the Webroot console.

Note: The logic for mapped devices is X/Y where,

X - # of RMM endpoints linked to Asio site on which Webroot is installed

Y – Total # of RMM endpoints linked to Asio site

OR

Y – # of Webroot installed endpoints linked to that Webroot site

Once the site mappings are configured, the filters on top left can be used to verify the mapped or unmapped sites.


Click Save And Proceed. Before proceeding, the page will show a confirmation banner displaying the number of mapped and unmapped sites.


Click Continue on the banner.
The following page will be shown once the setup is completed successfully.



You have completed all the steps required for enabling the Webroot Integration 2.0. You can proceed to deploy Webroot on the endpoints with the help of Policies and Packages as explained in the subsequent steps.

Step 2: Defining Webroot Installation Policies in Asio Platform
Once Webroot is configured, navigate to Endpoints > Policies to add new policy settings for Webroot installation.
On the Policies page, click Add Policy. For Webroot integration, select Devices in the Category dropdown.
In the Type dropdown, select Webroot Integration.
Enter a name for the policy as shown below:


As shown above,on the right side, the Webroot Integration Settings will be shown in a disabled state. The settings are:
Install Webroot Windows for Servers - If enabled, Webroot will be installed on all the Windows server endpoints at that particular site on which this policy is applied. This setting will not remove any device level overrides previously defined.
Install Webroot Windows for Desktop - If enabled, Webroot will be installed on all the Windows desktop endpoints at that particular site on which this policy is applied. This setting will not remove any device level overrides previously defined.
Install Webroot for Mac - If enabled, Webroot will be installed on all the Mac endpoints at that particular site on which this policy is applied. This setting will not remove any device level overrides previously defined.
You can use this policy to assign Webroot to sites/endpoints using packages/policies and set up overrides. Review Policies and Packages documentation to learn how do that.
Step 3: Webroot Information on Devices Page in Asio Platform

After Webroot has been successfully installed, view the data on the Devices Summary page.

Note: Post Webroot agent deployment and installation, it takes at least an hour for all Webroot endpoints and their information to appear on the Devices page.

On the Devices page, the Webroot endpoints can be identified via the Endpoint Protection column which shows the value Webroot for those endpoints.


To view complete information related to Webroot endpoints, click the Integrations dropdown on Devices page and select Webroot EPP.


On the subsequent page, the following columns will be visible:


Deployment Status - Displays the deployment status of Webroot application on the machine.
Expiration Date - Displays the expiration date of the current license.
Days Remaining - Shows the number of days remaining for license to expire.
Version - Displays the current version of Webroot agent installed on the endpoint.
Protection Enabled - Displays whether the Webroot Protection is enabled on the machine or not. 
Last Scan - Displays when the last scan was performed on the endpoint.
Attention Required - Displays whether the anti-virus requires attention on the endpoint.
Infected - Displays whether endpoint is infected by viruses or not.
Threat Score - Displays the threat score of the machine.
Active Threats - Shows the number of active threats present on the machine.
Site Key Code - Displays the Site GSM Key Code to which the endpoint is mapped.

Note: It is mandatory for the endpoints to have MAC Address and Hostname. This information is internally used to verify the connection with Webroot Unity API to fetch correct information. If either of this information is not available on the endpoint, information will not be available on Devices page for Webroot EPP.

Webroot Integration 2.0 - Bundled Integration Webroot Reporting
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Getting Started with Webroot Endpoint Protection
Webroot Activation Checklist
Webroot Best Practices
Webroot Billing
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.