Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Notification Rules   Notifications and Servers Levels
Notifications and Servers Levels
Last updated
Jul 8, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Multi-Site Notifications
Site with enabled NOC Services
Overview

The Notifications you create must match the site's Service Options [NOC Services Enabled] and, for Help Desk Service Notifications, the Help Desk Service configuration in Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Product Options Tab. Notifications outside of ticket creation are only available for Partners that subscribe to NOC Services and Help Desk Services.

The following Notification types are available (in Settings > Setup > RMM > Notification Rules):

RMM 
Help Desk  

For details about our Help Desk Service services and how to activate Help Desk Service for your client sites, visit Help Desk in the Doc Center. 

Multi-Site Notifications

Notification Rules can be assigned across multiple sites, but only if the sites have the same Service Level. If you change the Service Level for a particular site, you will need to change the Notification Rule as well. 

Site with enabled NOC Services

The table below shows notification options for sites that have enabled NOC Services compared to those without. See NOC SOW for type of Alerts Supported.

NOC Disabled	NOC Enabled
Server / Internet Down
Ticket Created	Call Immediately
 	

Wait 30 mins and call (only if the condition persists) / if next time slot starts and permits to call 


 	

Wait 2 hrs and call (only if the condition persists) / if next time slot starts and permits to call 


 	Call in the next time slot (only if the condition persists)
 	Ticket Only
Critical Impact Alerts
Ticket Created	Call Immediately - Do not work on the issue
 	Start documented fix, call immediately to inform
 	Wait 30 mins and call (only if the condition persists) / if next time slot starts and permits to call
 	Start documented fix and place a phone call if issue is not resolved in 2 hours / if next time slot starts and permits to call
 	Start documented fix and place a phone call in the next time slot if the issue is not resolved
 	Ticket Only
Critical Non-Impact Alerts
Ticket Created	Call Immediately - Do not work on the issue
 	Start documented fix, call immediately to inform
 	Start documented fix and place a phone call if issue is not resolved in 2 hours / if next time slot starts and permits to call
 	Start documented fix and place a phone call in the next time slot if the issue is not resolved
 	Ticket Only
Others
Ticket Created	Ticket Only
Notification Rules Set Notification Rules
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Set Notification Rules
Command for Networks
Secure Information Store
Tech Advantage
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.