Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Patching   OS Patching
OS Patching
Last updated
Dec 12, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Patch Assessment
Automating OS Patching
Policy Compliance Score
Patch Reports
Patch Approvals and Patch Exclusions
Patch Approvals
Manual Patch Deployment
Manual Patch Deployment Flow
Patch Exclusions
Tasks
Tickets
OS Patching Intelligent Alerts
OS Patching Preview Alerts
How to enable OS Patching preview alerts
OS Patching Default Permissions
Documentation
Overview

OS patching is a critical feature that helps to keep your managed endpoints up to date on the many security and non-security patches released every month. An effective OS Patching strategy is an important first line of defense to minimize your endpoint risk to security vulnerabilities. Patches also release new features and bug fixes that help ensure your client's operating system is running smoothly.

The OS patching solution simplifies patching and allows you to fully automate the deployments as per your patching requirements.

Patch Assessment

Patch Assessment is a process run by the agent to get the complete inventory of installed and missing updates. It is important that the patch assessment from an endpoint is recent for OS patching to work properly and show the accurate Patch Compliance score. Patch assessments are run on endpoints as follows:

Automatically every four hours
Automatically after the endpoint restarts
Automatically after patch installation (Manual or Auto-deployment)
Manually running an On-demand assessment on the endpoint from the Device Details > OS Patching
Scheduling the automation task to Run OS Patch Assessment
Automating OS Patching

OS patching can be automated using Policies and Packages. The Policy configuration defines the type of updates and the schedule for deploying the updates. The Policy assigned to an endpoint is also used to calculate the OS Patch Policy compliance score of the endpoint. For complete details of each OS patching Policy setting, please refer to OS Patching Policies.

For a quick guide to understand the Policies and Packages feature, refer to Policies and Packages.

Policy Compliance Score

The OS Patch Policy Compliance score provides a quick view of how far behind your managed endpoints are with respect to the patches available on them. The policy compliance score is calculated for endpoints based on the policy assigned to them and the patches' approvals and exclusions. Review OS Patching Compliance for detailed information on Patch Policy Compliance scoring.

Policy Compliance Score = (Installed Patches / (Installed + Pending Reboot + Missing)) x 100

To view the patch compliance score for a device:

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices and select a device.
On the endpoint details page, click the OS Patching tab.
Your score is displayed in the OS Patch Policy Compliance pod. Click the actions icon in this pod to view patch details or download the score as an image or PDF.

Patch Reports
The Patch Compliance Report in Asio contains information on the compliance status of endpoints based on the patching policy applied.
RMM and BrightGauge integration datasets provide summarized data for all sites in the form of scores. Please refer to the Monthly Site Scores Dataset in BrightGauge and the Application Patch Deployment Dataset.
Patch Approvals and Patch Exclusions

Patches can be controlled for automated deployment using the Patch Approvals page and the Patch Exclusions page. The Patch Approvals page can be used to approve or block updates across all sites for Automated deployment as per policy. The Patch Exclusions page is used for a more granular blocking of patches at specific sites or endpoints.

Patch Approvals

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals to view this page.

The Patch Approvals page lists all the installed and missing patches applicable to your managed endpoints. The results of the NOC Patch testing for Security updates are also automatically added to this page. All updates are collated and listed based on the KB number. Selecting the KB Number shows all the different updates available under the given KB Number.

The actions on the page are audited to show which user has taken the action and the date when the action was taken.

For more on the Patch Approval page, please review Patch Approvals.


Manual Patch Deployment

Manual patch deployment is available from the Approvals page to deploy specific updates on endpoints that are missing the update.

Manual Patch Deployment Flow
Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals
Click on the patch you want to deploy manually.
If this patch is missing on endpoints, the information card to the right shows the Manually deploy on endpoint button and includes the number of missing endpoints. This button is not visible if there are no eligible endpoints.

Click the Manually deploy on endpoint button. The Install Available Patch to Missing Endpoints window opens.
Select either Deploy patch now or Schedule deployment.

If you choose Schedule deployment, you are able to select local machine time or the required time zone when choosing your date and time of deployment.


Click Next and choose the endpoints to deploy the patch.

You can select if you want to reboot the endpoints after the deployment.


Click Next. A window will open and ask you to confirm the deployment.
Click the checkbox and then click Confirm.


The Summary window appears. From here, you can click to view your scheduled task history to see if the the deployment was successful or failed.

If you scheduled the deployment for later, you can navigate to the scheduled tasks by clicking View in scheduled tasks.

Patch Exclusions

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Exclusions to view this page.

The Patch Exclusions page allows you to create a rule-based blocking of updates for specific Sites and Endpoints. Rules can be created based on the Update Title or a KB number match. Multiple criteria can be provided within the same rule to be matched in an OR combination.

For more on the Patch Exclusions page, please review Patch Exclusions.


Tasks

In Automation > Tasks, tasks are available to take actions on multiple endpoints to get them up to compliance.

Deploy missing OS patches by policy – This task can be used to deploy all missing updates as per the Policy. The task checks for Patch approvals and Exclusions prior to deployment.


Run OS Patching Assessment – This task runs on-demand Assessment on multiple endpoints to get the latest Patch assessment data.


Tickets

Alerts create tickets for OS patching. Some alerts for patching are already configured out of the box, while others may need to be enabled.

OS Patching Intelligent Alerts

The following conditions are available for OS Patching out of the box. These are located under Endpoints > Alerts > Intelligent Alerts. 

OS Patching Assessment Failure (Desktop)
OS Patching Assessment Failure (Server)
OS Patching Download Failure
OS Patching Download Failures
OS Patching Installation Failure - Consolidation (Desktop)
OS Patching Installation Failure - Consolidation (Server)
OS Patching Installation Failure (Desktop)
OS Patching Installation Failure (Server)

These alerts are on by default. Click on an alert to customize which service board the ticket is mapped to, add automation to the alert, or change whether the alert produces a ticket as an output. 


OS Patching Preview Alerts

For more OS patching alerts, navigate to Endpoints > Alerts > Intelligent Alerts > Preview Alerts tab and search for OS Patching. These are disabled by default. 

OS Patching Endpoint Never Assessed
OS Patching Feature Update Installation Failure
OS Patching Out of Support Status

How to enable OS Patching preview alerts

For more information, please review Preview Alerts.

To enable these alerts, click on the name of the alert you want to enable.
Click the toggle to switch the alert from disabled to enabled.
Change any other settings, such as the Mapper, add automation, or change how you receive the alert's output.

Note: To add automation to the alert, you must select targets for the automation.

Click Save to enable the Alert.

OS Patching Default Permissions

The following table outlines which roles have permission to use OS patching.

Role

	

Patch Compliance details on Device Details and Devices pages

	

Quick Patch Actions from Device Details page

	

OS Patching - Patch Approvals

	

OS Patching - Patch Exclusions

	

Description


Primary Super Admin	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Complete control of OS Patching.
Super Admin	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Complete control of OS Patching.
Manager	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Full Access	Complete control of OS Patching.
Technician	Full Access	Full Access	Read Only	Read Only	Can view patch compliance, approvals, and exclusions. Can perform update actions on devices.
Office Staff	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access by default to OS patching.
Sales	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access by default to OS patching.
Client Site Manager	Full Access	Full Access	No Access	No Access	Can view patch compliance and perform update actions on devices.
Client End User	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access	No Access by default to OS patching

 

Documentation

Click the title of an article below to learn more about patching.

All articles
Featured articles
OS Patching Getting Started Settings
OS Feature Updates (Windows)
OS Patching Compliance
OS Patching Error Codes
OS Patching FAQs
OS Patching Policies
OS Patching Reboot
OS Patch Approvals
OS Patch Automation System Level Changes
OS Patch Exclusions
OS Upgrades (Windows and Mac)

 

Patching OS Patching Getting Started Settings
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
OS Patching Compliance
OS Patching Getting Started Settings
OS Patch Approvals
OS Patch Exclusions
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.