Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Patching   OS Patching   OS Patch Exclusions
OS Patch Exclusions
Last updated
Jan 16, 2026
Table of contents
Overview
Data Grid
Creating a new Patch Exclusion
Editing a Patch Exclusion
Deleting a Patch Exclusion
Deployment Process
Compliance Logic
Overview

The Patch Exclusions page can be used to Block updates across all sites for Automated deployment as per policy. All updates are collated and listed based on the KB number. Selecting the KB Number will show all the different updates available under the given KB Number

You can navigate to the patch approvals page by clicking Endpoints > Patches > Exclusions.

Data Grid

The data grid helps you display, sort, filter, and manipulate large datasets with ease. Customize your view by rearranging and resizing columns to suit your needs.

Data Grid Option	Description
Search	Use the search bar to look for a specific item in the list.
Show Filters	Filter the list by the fields in the grid.
Manage Columns	Choose which columns of the grid you want to display.
Manage View	Choose between the different views of the grid.
Creating a new Patch Exclusion

To create a new Exclusion rule click the Add button.

Fill in the following data:

Name (required)

Description

Exclusion Criteria (required)

A Patches Update Title or a KB number that contains one or more keywords entered in this section will be excluded from the automated deployment.

Resources to assign newly created exclusion rule

It's possible to select at the site level or a specific endpoint on a site.

Click Save.

Note: You need to press Enter to create each Exclusion criteria.

Editing a Patch Exclusion

To edit a patch exclusion, navigate to the Patch Exclusions page and click on the Exclusion Name.

Now, make any required updates and click Save.

To go back to the exclusion rules list, select Cancel after your edits are saved.

Deleting a Patch Exclusion

To delete a patch exclusion, navigate to the Patch Exclusions page and click the checkboxs next to any patch exclusion you want to delete.

Click Delete.

A confirmation window will appear. Select Delete again.

Deployment Process

Missing excluded patches for the endpoint will not be deployed when Policy Setting = Deploy Only Partner or NOC Approved.

Missing excluded patches for the endpoint will be deployed when Policy Setting = Deploy All.

Missing excluded patches for the endpoint will be deployed when Policy Setting = Deploy All except Partner/NOC Disapproved.

Compliance Logic

Missing excluded patches are not considered in calculating the compliance score for the endpoint when Policy Setting = Deploy only Approved.

OS Patch Automation System Level Changes OS Patching Compliance
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
OS Patching Compliance
OS Patching Getting Started Settings
OS Patch Approvals
OS Patching Policies
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.