Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Patching   OS Patching   OS Upgrades (Windows and Mac)
OS Upgrades (Windows and Mac)
Last updated
Feb 4, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Create a New Policy for OS Upgrade
Create a New Package with Your OS Upgrade Policy
FAQs
What happens when I don’t opt in for OS upgrades?
What is the difference between feature updates vs OS upgrades?
Overview

The OS Upgrade feature allows you to easily upgrade your Windows and MAC endpoints to the latest available OS version. Please note that regular security updates and feature updates and major upgrades are independent functionality. When you opt in for OS Upgrades and applicable OS Version upgrades found in the assessment, we trigger the OS upgrade deployment as per the schedule defined in Deploy Feature Updates/OS Upgrades.

Create a New Policy for OS Upgrade
Navigate to Endpoints > Policies and click Add Policy.
Choose OS Patching Desktop.
Name the new policy.
Switch the OS Patching Automation to ON.
Under OS Upgrade, switch the OS Upgrade toggle to On.

Under Schedule, use the Deploy Feature Updates / OS Upgrades drop-down to select At scheduled time and choose the window you want the OS Upgrade to occur.
When you have finished selecting your settings, click Save.
Create a New Package with Your OS Upgrade Policy
Navigate to Endpoints > Packages and click Add Package.
Enter a Package Name.
Add the new policies to your package.
Click Save.
From the Packages page, click on the Sites tab.
Select all of the sites your want to assign your package to.
FAQs
What happens when I don’t opt in for OS upgrades?

Regular updates and feature updates will work as expected for both Windows and MAC endpoints as OS Upgrade is an independent functionality that upgrades the Operating System version.

What is the difference between feature updates vs OS upgrades?

A feature update is a minor improvement or a bug fix, while an upgrade is a major improvement or a change in the version of software or hardware. An update is often released to fix errors, enhance security or add new features, while an upgrade improves the performance or functionality of a system.

OS Patching Reboot Patch Testing
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
OS Patching Compliance
OS Patching Getting Started Settings
OS Patch Approvals
OS Patch Exclusions
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.