Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Patching   Third-Party Patching
Third-Party Patching
Last updated
Dec 30, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Creating a New Policy
Create a New Package with Your Policies
Endpoint Specific Policies and Overrides
Third-Party Patching Status
Useful Links
Overview

You can use Third-Party Patching to update your third-party applications by creating patching policies to automate updates. These policies can be used for both Desktops and Servers.

To use Third-party patching, you need to create your policy or policies and add them to your package or packages.

Note: Third-party patching has been enhanced with a policy-based approach, providing access to over 7,000 supported applications. This feature is available for Windows 10 and 11 machines. For more details, refer to the Improved Third-Party Patching article.

Creating a New Policy

Navigate to Endpoints > Policies and click Add Policy.

Under Type, select Third-Party Patching.

Name the new policy.

Switch the Third-Party Patching Automation toggle to ON.

Choose the applications you want your policy to manage. You have the following options to choose from:

Do not deploy

Update Only

Update & Install If Missing

Select the Schedule settings for your policy. Deploy Schedule is applicable for both Download and Installation.

After you have finished selecting your settings, click Save.

Create a New Package with Your Policies

Navigate to Endpoints > Packages and click Add Package.

Enter a Package Name.

Add the new policies to your package.

Click Save.

From the Packages page, click on the Sites tab.

Select all of the sites you want to assign your package to.

Endpoint Specific Policies and Overrides

Policy overrides can be used to turn Third-Party patching automation ON or OFF for specific endpoints or to apply settings different from the Site packages.

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices and click the name of the device you want to modify.

Click on the Settings tab.

Click the ^ (caret) icon to open the Devices menu, then click on Third-Party Patching.

Click Edit to make changes to the settings.

After making your changes, click Save.

Note: The Compliance score is re-calculated as per the last Assessment after the settings are saved.

Third-Party Patching Status

The 'Application Updates' column on the Devices page indicates that the application update status is driven by policies. To review the status of third-party application updates scheduled by policies, you can refer to the Application Updates column.

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices. Click the Patching tab to see the Application Updates column.

Here are the available statuses:

No Policy Assigned: When there is no third-party patching policy assigned to an endpoint.

Scheduled: When the policy is assigned to the endpoint, and there are applications waiting to be deployed in the next schedule.

Up-to-date: When applications selected in the policy are up-to-date with the latest version on the endpoint.

Not Applicable: Displays for OS types that don't support third-party patching.

Useful Links

Policies and Packages

 

Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Supported Third-Party Applications
Improved Third-Party Patching
To utilize Improved Third-Party patching on your sites, you must create a policy, add it to a package, and then assign it to your sites.
OS Patching
OS patching is a critical feature that helps to keep your managed endpoints up to date on the many security and non-security patches released every mo...
Patch Testing
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.