Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Patching   Third-Party Patching   Improved Third-Party Patching
Improved Third-Party Patching
Last updated
Feb 10, 2026
Table of contents
Overview
Intro to Third-Party Patching Video
Assessment
Improved Third-Party Patching Policy
Create an Improved Third-Party Patching Policy
Create a New Package with your Policy
Approvals
Approve the Applications you want to Patch
Review the Approved Third-Party Patching Applications
Disapprove an Application for Third-Party Patching
On-Demand Installation
Third-Party Patch Deployment Report
FAQ
What are the differences between Third-Party Patching and Improved Third-Party Patching?
What solution is best for endpoints that are not Windows 10 or Windows 11?
How do I find out which apps are covered?
Which Third-Party patching issues can the ConnectWise support team resolve?
What Permissions are needed for Third-Party Patching?
Overview

We've enhanced our third-party patching to support over 7000 applications. These patching features are utilized by creating a new Improved Third-Party Patching Policy, adding it to a package, and then assigning it to sites. After this policy is created, you can customize which applications you want to patch and view reporting for third-party patching. 

Note: Users do not need to be logged on to the endpoint to push third-party patching updates.

Important: This feature is only available for Windows 10 and Windows 11 endpoints at this time.

Intro to Third-Party Patching Video

Assessment

The agent runs an assessment to inventory all installed, supported applications and their versions on an endpoint. For Third-Party Patching to function correctly and maintain up-to-date application versions, this assessment data must be recent. Assessments are run on endpoints as follows:

Automatically every four hours.

Automatically after the endpoint restarts.

With Third-Party Patching, assessments run in the context of the logged-on user. Different logged-on users may have unique applications and versions installed. In some cases, the assessment data collected may be different from the Asset inventory collected by the RMM agent.

Improved Third-Party Patching Policy

To utilize Improved Third-Party patching on your sites, you must create a policy, add it to a package, and then assign it to your sites. 

Note: Review the Policies and Packages documentation for more information.

Create an Improved Third-Party Patching Policy

Navigate to Endpoints > Policies and click Add Policy.

Make sure that Devices is chosen for the Category.

In the Type drop-down, choose Third-Party Patching

Name the new policy.

Switch Improved Third-Party Patching to On.

For the Action Setting, select one of two options:

Update All - This will update all of the ConnectWise-supported applications on your endpoints 

Update Only Approved - This will only update the applications that you have approved in the Approvals section.

Select the Schedule for your patching.
Click Save.

Create a New Package with your Policy

Once your policy is created, you must add it to a package or create a new package to add it to. Once that package is created, you can apply it to sites where you want the Policy to be active.

Navigate to Endpoints > Packages and click Add Package.

Add the new policy to your package.

Click Save.

From the Packages page, click on the Sites tab

Select all of the sites you want to assign your package to.

Note: Review the Policies and Packages documentation for more information.

Approvals

Once your policy is active, you can customize which applications are updated by the Improved Third-Party Patching through the Third-Party Patching tab on the approvals page.

Approve the Applications you want to Patch
Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals.
Click the Third-Party Patching Tab.
Search and filter to find the third-party applications you want to approve for patching.
Click the checkboxes for all applications you want to approve.
Click Approve.

A confirmation window will appear. Click the checkbox and click Confirm Approval.

Review the Approved Third-Party Patching Applications

Once you've approved applications, you can review them all on the Third-Party Patching Tab of the approvals page.

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals.
Click the Third-party Patching tab.
Sort the columns by Reviewed By, Reviewed Date, or Result.

Reviewed By - Shows the user who approved or disapproved the patch
Reviewed Date - Shows the date on which the patch was reviewed
Result - Shows the outcome of the review
You can also filter and search for the applications that you want to review.
Disapprove an Application for Third-Party Patching

Instead of blocking patches you don't want to update, you remove them from the approved list.

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals.
Click the Third-Party Patching Tab.
Search and filter to find the third-party applications you want to disapprove.
Click the checkboxes for all applications you want to disapprove.
Click Disapprove.

A confirmation window will appear. Click the checkbox and click Confirm Disapproval.

On-Demand Installation

On-Demand installation is available from the Patch Approvals page to deploy a specific application on endpoints.

Steps for on-demand installation of applications:

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals > Third Party Patching > All Applications.

Select the application you want to install.
Click Deploy.

Select the Install Application option and click Next.

Select Install Now or Schedule to schedule installation later. Click Next.

If you choose Schedule, you can select local machine time or the required time zone when setting your deployment date and time. Click Next.

Select the Devices or Sites.


Note: Installation attempts deployment only on Windows Endpoints. Any other operating systems will fail automatically.

Click Next. A window opens and asks you to confirm the deployment.
Click Confirm for the selected deployments.

To track the deployment status of the action, you can click the hyperlink on the acknowledgement screen or navigate to Automation > Scheduled Tasks to review the ‘TPP On demand deployment’ task(s) created.


This process provides flexibility to deploy applications immediately or at a scheduled time while maintaining visibility into deployment progress and status.

Third-Party Patch Deployment Report

In addition to the improved third-party patching policy, we have a report showing the results of your third-party patching. 

To generate the report:

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Patches > Third-Party Patch Deployment Report.
Select Company Name from the Company Name drop-down.
Select Site Name from the Site Name drop-down.
Click Show Results.



The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS Type
OS
OS Version
Application Name
Application Version
Status
Execution Date
Failure Reason
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

FAQ
What are the differences between Third-Party Patching and Improved Third-Party Patching?
Third-party patching is our default solution. Improved Third-party patching is our policy-based solution, providing access to over 7,000 applications for patching. For more information, review the Improved Third-Party Patching article.

Note: This is only available for Windows 10 and Windows 11 endpoints.

What solution is best for endpoints that are not Windows 10 or Windows 11?
For any other machines, the original third-party patching solution can still be used. For more information, refer to the Third-Party Patching article.
How do I find out which apps are covered?

For Improved Third-Party Patching:

Navigate to Endpoints > Patches > Approvals. Click the Third-Party Patching Tab. Here, you will find all of the apps that you can approve for your endpoints.
Which Third-Party patching issues can the ConnectWise support team resolve?
If you need support, the NOC can assist you in fixing the issue on a best-effort basis. Please leverage our ConnectWise Project Assistance Paid Service (formerly Tech Advantage) by reaching out to our Desktop Project team at projectassistance@connectwise.com.  If you experience issues with supported applications and our support team cannot assist you, please contact the application's provider for further assistance.
What Permissions are needed for Third-Party Patching?

Navigate to User & Application Settings > Application Roles > Asio Platform. The Third-Party Patching permissions are under Patch Approvals.

 

Third-Party Patching Supported Third-Party Applications
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Supported Third-Party Applications
OS Patching
OS patching is a critical feature that helps to keep your managed endpoints up to date on the many security and non-security patches released every mo...
Patch Testing
Windows 11 Patch Assessment issue
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.