Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Policies and Packages
Policies and Packages
Last updated
Dec 19, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Policies
Policy List
Packages
Packages List
Audit Tracking
Documentation
Overview

Policies and Packages enable users to reduce redundant data entry by defining and cascading values for settings throughout the ConnectWise RMM hierarchy. Policies allow you to define values for settings. Packages allow you to gather and assign multiple policies. Packages can be assigned to accommodate differences between companies and sites.

The hierarchy currently includes the following elements:

Factory: Owned by ConnectWise to ensure all partners inherit a consistent value for each available setting. This level exists above the partner hierarchy.
Default: The highest level of the partner hierarchy. Any value for a setting defined at this level will be inherited by all lower levels.
Company: The second-highest level of partner hierarchy. Any value for a setting defined at this level is inherited by all lower levels and prevents inheritance from the Partner level.
Site: Settings applied at the site level are inherited by all endpoints assigned to the site. 
Policy Group: Policy groups allow policies to be applied to individual devices or groups of endpoints across the network. Policy settings assigned at this level are inherited by the selected group.
Device: The lowest level of the partner hierarchy. Any value for a setting defined at this level will be considered an exception because it cannot be inherited.
Policies

Policies allow users to define values for settings.

Policy List

To view the list of existing policies on your instance, navigate to Endpoints > Policies & Packages > Policies tab.

 

The Policies list consists of the following items:

Field Name

	

Description




Policy Name

	

User-defined name for the policy, up to 200 characters. Can be clicked to edit the policy.




Type

	

Type of settings the policy contains, such as OS Patching.




Last Modified

	

Date and time, based on the user's web browser time zone, the policy was last modified.




Modified By

	

Name of the user who last modified the policy.




Policy Settings

	

Displayed by clicking a policy. Displays the settings and values of the selected policy.




Package Inclusions

	

Displayed by clicking a policy. Displays the number of packages the selected policy is a part of.




Policy Group Assignments

	

Displays the number of policy groups the selected policy is part of.

Important: Users can delete any policy that is not a part of a package.

For more information on Policies, review the Policies article.

Packages

Packages allow users to group policies together for an assignment.

Packages List

To view the list of existing packages on your instance, navigate to Endpoints > Policies & Packages > Packages.

 

The Packages List consists of the following items:

Field Name

	

Description




Name

	

User-defined name for the package, up to 200 characters. Can be clicked to edit the package.




Last Modified

	

Date and time the package was last modified, based on the user's web browser time zone.




Modified By

	

Name of the user who last modified the package.




Sites

	

Number of Sites currently assigned the package. Displays a Site Name when only one Site is assigned.

 

For more information on Packages, review the Packages article.

Audit Tracking

Audit Tracking for Packages (Created, Updated, and Deleted) and Policy Groups (Created, Updated, and Deleted) has been added, providing you with greater visibility and accountability across your environment. This can be accessed by navigating to Reports > Audit Trail.

Documentation

Click the title of an article below to learn more about policies, policy groups, and packages.

All articles
Featured articles
Path
Evolve Recommended - Best Practices for Policies and Packages
Evolve Recommended - Communicator Policy
Evolve Recommended - Network Monitoring Configurations
Evolve Recommended - OS Patching Desktop Policy
Evolve Recommended - OS Patching Server Policy
Evolve Recommended - Remote Access Policy
Evolve Recommended - RMM Site Configuration Policy
Evolve Recommended - Third Party Patching Policy
Policies
Packages
Policy Groups

 

OS Patching Best Practices Evolve Recommended - Best Practices for Policies and Packages
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Packages
Policy Groups
Evolve Recommended - Best Practices for Policies and Packages
Policies
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.