Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   PSA Integration   ConnectWise PSA (Manage) Integration   Ticket Sync Improvement
Ticket Sync Improvement
Last updated
Aug 21, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Improved Workflow for Pushing RMM Tickets Data to PSA
Default Service Board Configuration for Ticket Sync
Overview

We have improved the ticket sync process to push tickets to a catchall company or site in ConnectWise PSA™ if no mapping is performed for a company or site in RMM.

The improved workflow also handles errors for configuration values like Service Board, Priority, Status, etc, that are not found in the PSA. The system uses the PSA service board default values to sync the ticket to PSA.

Improved Workflow for Pushing RMM Tickets Data to PSA

Based on the issue analysis for common error codes, we have added additional logic in the system to ensure that your tickets sync to PSA.

Scenario

	

New/Updated Sync Flow

	

Old Sync Flow


Company/Site mapping not found	

Tickets are mapped to the Catchall Company/Site configured in the PSA Integrations.

Otherwise, we use the default Company/Site configured.

	

The old sync flow was hard-coded to use only the Company/Site mapping provided by the partner.

If mapping was not found, the ticket sync would fail. Then you were expected to complete the mapping activity and resync the failed tickets.

This action resulted in a dependency and missing critical tickets generated by the RMM system.


Other ticket entities (like Service Board, Priority, Status) were not found	The system picks the default Service Board/Status/Priority available in PSA to sync the tickets.	The RMM integration while pushing the tickets in PSA did not find the Service Board/Priority/Status configured to Sync tickets. The ticket sync would fail.
Default Service Board Configuration for Ticket Sync

You can configure the default service board for ticket sync from the following path in ConnectWise PSA: 

System > Members > API Members > Select API member used for integration > Select Default Service Board under Service Defaults


 

Note:

In the event that there is a problem with the Service Board setup in the PSA Policy, this Service Board is utilized for ticket sync.
If you have not configured Service Board in this section, then in case of any issue with configured Service Board in PSA Policy, PSA integration system syncs tickets into the oldest Service Board for selected SSO location.
With the current sync flow, if RMM generated ticket, which has asset/configuration item associated with it, gets synced to Default/Catchall Service board and Default ConnectWise PSA Company, you won't be able to see same asset associated with the ticket in PSA. To associate the asset again with the ticket, modify the PSA Company/Site on the ticket and choose the asset from the selection.

 

PSA and RMM Integration Checklist Harmony PSA Integration
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
ConnectWise PSA (Manage) Integration Setup Process
Configure ConnectWise PSA Policies
PSA Policies define how tickets, configuration items, Contacts, and Notifications sync from RMM to ConnectWise PSA or vice-versa.
ConnectWise PSA - Policies Integration - FAQ
ConnectWise PSA - Tech Efficiency Devices Pod
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.