Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports
Asio Reports
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Overview

Click on the title of the article linked below and learn more about Asio Reports.

Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Agent Report
Agent Uninstall Report
Network Devices Report
Probe Devices Report
RMM Scan Configuration Report
Show all
Audit Reports
Audit Reports provide a detailed record of remote access reports and Asio™ platform user logs. The Audit category contains the Remote Access Report and the User Login Report.
Remote Access Report
User Login Report
Technical Details Reports
Technical Details reports generate technical information about systems under management. An individual report in the Technical Details section allows users to view details like system specs, installed software, disk space usage, warranty information, and more.
Asset Change Report
Disk Space Report
Installed Software Change Report
Installed Software Count Report
Installed Software Report
System Information Report
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
Automation Execution Detail Report
Automation Execution Summary Report
Executive Reports Modules
Review this article to learn more about the modules you can use to create custom reports.
Patches Reports
Click the title of an article below to learn more about the Patch Assessment Report, Patch Compliance Report, and Patch Deployment Report in Asio.
Patch Assessment Report
Patch Compliance Report
Patch Deployment Report
Preventive Maintenance Reports
The Endpoint Protection Report contains information regarding endpoint protection as well as computers without endpoint protection installed.
Endpoint Protection Report

  

Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
Audit Reports
Audit Reports provide a detailed record of remote access reports and Asio™ platform user logs. The Audit category contains the Remote Access Report an...
Patches Reports
Click the title of an article below to learn more about the Patch Assessment Report, Patch Compliance Report, and Patch Deployment Report in Asio.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.