Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Agent Reports   Agent Report
Agent Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Agent Report Details
Overview

The Agent Report lists details for all agents across sites with their last reboot time. The report provides key information for troubleshooting and performing agent cleanup, such as update agent version, remove duplicate agents, or uninstall offline agents.

 

To locate this screen, navigate to 

Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Agents > Agent Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Agent Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Agent Report Details

The report covers the following information:

Agent Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS
IP Address
Agent version
Agent Version Status
Last Online
Last Logged On User
Device Time Zone
Last Boot Time
Gateway Cache
Installed Date

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as a CSV file.

Additionally, this report can also be used to uninstall agents based on the filters and selection.

To uninstall agents:

Select the checkbox on the left.
After selecting all applicable agents, click the Agent Uninstall button on the top right of the report.


A popup will open and display the list of Agents selected for uninstallation.


Select the reason for uninstalling and then click Uninstall Agent(s).



Note: This report is refreshed every 8 hours. Hence, any agents which have been uninstalled, will still show in the report till the next data refresh.

 

Agent Reports Agent Uninstall Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Agent Uninstall Report
Network Devices Report
Probe Devices Report
RMM Scan Configuration Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.