Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Agent Reports   Network Devices Report
Network Devices Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Network Devices Report Details
Overview

This report displays a list of Network Devices identified via the network probe and can be used to identify network devices of different types, IP addresses, makes/models, etc.

 

To locate this screen, navigate to 

Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Agents > Network Devices Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Network Devices Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Network Devices Report Details

The details that the report covers are:

Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
Name
Friendly Name
IP Address
Type
OS
Status
Description
Boot Time
Last Reported
Networks
Interfaces
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

Note: This report is refreshed every 8 hours.

Agent Uninstall Report Probe Devices Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Agent Report
Agent Uninstall Report
Probe Devices Report
RMM Scan Configuration Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.