Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Agent Reports   User Management Report
User Management Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
User Management Report Details
Overview

The User Management Report provides information about the users logged in to different endpoints in a given time period. To view the logged-in users, provide the company name and date range.

 

To locate this screen, navigate to 

Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Agents > User Management Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
User Management Report 	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

User Management Report Details

To generate the report:

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Agents > User Management Report.
Select the Company Name from the drop-down, select the Start Date and End Date.
Click Run Report. The User Management Report is displayed. 

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
User Name - Username is the account name used by the authorized end user (local account or domain account).
Log On Time - Log On Time is the time when a user successfully authenticates into a system (excluding cases where the session is restored from hibernate or sleep state).

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top of the report. You can also download the report as a CSV.

Note: This report is refreshed every 8 hours.

RMM Scan Details Report Audit Reports
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Agent Report
Agent Uninstall Report
Network Devices Report
Probe Devices Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.