Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Audit Reports   Remote Access Report
Remote Access Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Remote Access Report Details
Overview

Use this report to get a detailed record of remote sessions on your devices.

 To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Audits > Remote Access Report.

 

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Remote Access Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Remote Access Report Details

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Site Name
Site Unique Id
User Name
Reason
Session Start Time
Session End Time
Device Time Zone

The tools at the top right of the report allow you to filter or search for this information. Use the column button to add or remove columns to your report. You can also download the report as a CSV.

Notes:

This report is refreshed every eight hours.
Users can search for data for up to 30 days at a time.
Data can be accessed going back one year. 
Data is loaded for the last 30 days on page load.
Audit Reports User Login Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
User Login Report
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
Patches Reports
Click the title of an article below to learn more about the Patch Assessment Report, Patch Compliance Report, and Patch Deployment Report in Asio.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.