Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Technical Details Reports   Disk Space Report
Disk Space Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Disk Space Report Details
Overview

This report gives a detailed record of disk space usage for your devices.

 To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Technical Details > Disk Space Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Disk Space Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Disk Space Report Details

The details covered by this report are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS
IP Address
Last Check Date
Last Online
Device Time Zone
Disk Serial Number
Partition Name
Used Space (GB)
Free Space (GB)
Total Space (GB)
Disk Space Utilization %
Manufacturer
Media Type
Partition File System

The tools at the top right of the report allow you to filter or search for this information. You can also download the report as a CSV.

Note: This report is refreshed every 8 hours.

Asset Change Report Installed Software Change Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asset Change Report
Installed Software Change Report
Installed Software Count Report
Installed Software Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.