Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Technical Details Reports   Installed Software Count Report
Installed Software Count Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Installed Software Count Report Details
Overview

This report displays how many resources have a particular application installed.

  To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Technical Details > Installed Software Count Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Installed Software Count Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Installed Software Count Report Details

The details that the report covers are:

Site Name
Application Name
Publisher
Windows Desktops
Windows Server
MAC Desktops
Linux Servers

The report is blank initially, as shown here:

To generate the report:

Select Company Name from Select Company drop-down.
Select Site Name from Select Site drop-down and click Show Results.
The report is generated as shown below:

The tools at the top right of the report allow you to filter or search for this information. You can also download the report as a CSV.

Note: This report is refreshed every eight hours.

 

Installed Software Change Report Installed Software Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asset Change Report
Disk Space Report
Installed Software Change Report
Installed Software Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.