Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Technical Details Reports   Installed Software Report
Installed Software Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Installed Software Report Details
Overview

This report lists the software installed on each machine, including publisher, version, and installation date.

  To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Technical Details > Installed Software Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Installed Software Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Installed Software Report Details

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS
IP Address
Application Name
Version
Publisher
Last Logged On User
Install Date
Date Checked
Device Time Zone

The report is blank initially, as shown here:

To generate the report:

Select Company Name from Select Company drop-down.
Select Site Name from Select Site drop-down and click Show Results.
The report will be generated as shown below:



If, after the selection, a large number of rows are detected, the UI automatically displays a message as shown below:

Click Download to initiate a download of the selected dataset in a zip format containing multiple .csv files named Reports.

Note: 

This report is refreshed every 8 hours.
The tools at the top right of the report allow you to filter or search for this information. You can also download the report as a CSV.
Based on the size of the data, the compressed folder may contain a large number of CSV files.
Installed Software Count Report System Information Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asset Change Report
Disk Space Report
Installed Software Change Report
Installed Software Count Report
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.