Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Automation Execution Reports   Automation Execution Detail Report
Automation Execution Detail Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Automation Execution Detail Report Details
Overview

The Automation Execution Detail Report lists all the automations executed at an endpoint level.

  To locate this page, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Automation Execution > Automation Execution Detail Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Automation Execution Detail Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Note: For users who have limited site access, the Automation Execution reports will show information about the sites they have/had access to previously based on the execution period selected in the report.

Automation Execution Detail Report Details

To generate the report:

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Automation Execution > Automation Execution Detail Report
In Display Report for, select the Execution Start Date and Execution End Date.
Click Go. The Automation Execution Detail Report will be displayed. 

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
Task Name
Task Description
Task Type
Task Frequency
Task Status
Failure Reason
Execution Output
Last Executed On
Created By
Created On
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

Note: This report will be refreshed every 8 hours.

Automation Execution Reports Automation Execution Summary Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Automation Execution Summary Report
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Audit Reports
Audit Reports provide a detailed record of remote access reports and Asio™ platform user logs. The Audit category contains the Remote Access Report an...
Patches Reports
Click the title of an article below to learn more about the Patch Assessment Report, Patch Compliance Report, and Patch Deployment Report in Asio.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.