Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Patches Reports   Patch Assessment Report
Patch Assessment Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Patch Assessment Report Details
Overview

The Windows OS Patch Assessment Report provides an overview of how many Windows devices have been assessed for patches.

 To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Patches > Patch Assessment Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Patch Assessment Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Patch Assessment Report Details

To generate the report:

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Patches > Patch Assessment Report.
Select Company Name from the Company Name drop-down.
Select Site Name from the Site Name drop-down.
Click Show Results.

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS
Classification
KB Article
Latest Patch Title
Installed By
Installed Date
Last Assessed
Latest Patch Release Date
Patch Status
Latest Reboot Behaviour Name
NOC Recommends
Patch Approval
Severity
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

Note: This report will be refreshed every 8 hours.

 

Patches Reports Patch Compliance Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Patch Compliance Report
Patch Deployment Report
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.