Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Patches Reports   Patch Deployment Report
Patch Deployment Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Patch Deployment Report Details
Overview

The Patch Deployment Report provides information on the patches deployed on the endpoints.

 To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Patches > Patch Deployment Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Patch Deployment Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Patch Deployment Report Details

To generate the report:

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Patches > Patch Deployment Report.
Select Company Name from the Company Name drop-down.
Select Site Name from the Site Name drop-down.
Click Show Results.

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
OS
Classification
KB Article
Latest Patch Title
Patch Status
Patch Type
Execution Date
Failure Reason
Installed By
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

Note: This report has data up to the last 3 months and is refreshed every 8 hours.

Patch Compliance Report Preventive Maintenance Reports
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Patch Assessment Report
Patch Compliance Report
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.