Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Asio Reports   Preventive Maintenance Reports   Endpoint Protection Report
Endpoint Protection Report
Last updated
Sep 22, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
User Access to Reports
Endpoint Protection Report Details
Overview

The Endpoint Protection Report contains information regarding endpoint protection as well as computers without endpoint protection installed.

 To locate this screen, navigate to Reports > Asio > Detailed Reports > Preventive Maintenance > Endpoint Protection Report.

User Access to Reports

Confirm user access and permissions to view this report. The following default roles have access to this report:

Report	Manager	Technician	Office Staff	Sales	Client Site Manager
Endpoint Protection Report	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes

This additional step allows you to enable or disable access to specific reports for different user roles, giving you more control over which reports are accessible to each role.

To control the visibility of endpoints on reports, you can manage site access for users. The visibility of endpoints on reports will be based on the user's permissions to sites. By controlling site access, you can determine which endpoints are visible to each user.

Endpoint Protection Report Details

The details that the report covers are:

Name
Friendly Name
Device Type
Company Name
Company Friendly Name
Site Name
Site Friendly Name
Device Type
OS
Endpoint Protection (Comma-separated values indicating various endpoint protection software)
Last Check Date
Device Time Zone

All of this information can be filtered or searched by using the tools at the top right of the report. You can also download the report as CSV.

Note: This report is refreshed every 8 hours.

Preventive Maintenance Reports BrightGauge in ConnectWise RMM
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Agent Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about Agent Reports in Asio Reports.
Automation Execution Reports
Review the articles in this guide to learn more about the Automation Execution Detail Report and the Automation Execution Summary Report.
Audit Reports
Audit Reports provide a detailed record of remote access reports and Asio™ platform user logs. The Audit category contains the Remote Access Report an...
Patches Reports
Click the title of an article below to learn more about the Patch Assessment Report, Patch Compliance Report, and Patch Deployment Report in Asio.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.