Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Reports   Security Reports   Risk Assessment Reports   Understanding Risk Assessment Reports
Understanding Risk Assessment Reports
Last updated
Jan 21, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Prerequisites
Assessment Summary Report
Dark Web Assessment
Anti-Spam Assessment
Vulnerability Assessment
Endpoint Assessment
Patch Assessment
User Risk Assessment
IT Infrastructure Assessment
Assessment Detailed Report
Dark Web Exposure Details
Anti-Spam Configuration Details
Endpoint Health Details
Endpoint Hygiene/Assets Details
Open Vulnerabilities Details
Missing Patches Details
Users with Possible Policy Violations Details
User Logins Details
Disabled Users Details
Overview

When you download an assessment, a zip file is saved containing two PDFs. These are the Assessment Summary Report and the Assessment Detailed Report. The Assessment Summary report contains the executive summary and the value reports targeted for the Client/Prospect.  The Assessment Details report contains detailed information for all the assessments performed mainly targeted for MSP. 

Risk data generated by Risk Assessment reports help you identify security gaps you can use to create sales opportunities within your client base.

Risk Assessment provides:

Dark Web reporting on potential exposure of domain and public email addresses
Assessment of the anti-spam configuration of domains
Security risk analysis of site endpoints
Security risk analysis of site user accounts
Security readiness assessments that compare the overall security posture of a site to other companies

See Generate and Download an Assessment for steps on running the reports. 

Prerequisites
Asio platform and Risk Assessment
Enable dark web monitoring when activating Risk Assessment 
A ConnectWise RMM or Asio agent must be installed on client machines for risk data to be generated. An agent is not required for Dark Web monitoring and reporting.
Assessment Summary Report

The Assessment Summary report is a high-level report for a C-suite audience, containing vulnerability discovery and remediation priorities. 


The Assessment Summary report contains the following assessments: 

Dark Web Assessment
Anti-Spam Assessment
Vulnerability Assessment
Endpoint Assessment
Patch Assessment
User Risk Assessment
IT Infrastructure Assessment
Dark Web Assessment

The Dark Web Assessment section reports the exposure of client domains and public email IDs. The data reported here is historical and includes all IDs detected on the Dark Web up to the point in time the report was generated.

The Risk Detected! section provides:

The number of email IDs associated with the site that are available on the Dark Web and vulnerable to exploitation. View the Assessment Detailed report for a list of individual email addresses that are vulnerable to exploitation. 
The exposures that are detected 
The severity level of the risk score.

The Top 3 Exposures section contains a table that provides the following:

Top email exposures
Exposure Count
Latest Exposure Date
Severity
Confidence
Risk Score

The How to stay Protected section at the bottom of the page helps educate clients around the pervasiveness of malicious actors on the web so they understand the risk of Dark Web exposure and how you can help them mitigate risk.

Anti-Spam Assessment

The Anti-Spam Assessment feature can be run for both existing and prospective clients. If you are generating an assessment report for an existing client, the Anti-Spam Assessment is included in the report. The Assessment report's Anti-Spam feature assesses the anti-spam configurations of entered domains and reports on the configuration status of SPF (Sender Policy Framework) and DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication) for each domain entered.

The table in the report lists the email domains and indicates SPF and DMARC. It also provides the Risk Score. 

The How to stay Protected section at the bottom of the page helps educate clients around the pervasiveness of malicious actors on the web so they understand the risk of Dark Web exposure and how you can help them mitigate risk.

Vulnerability Assessment

A vulnerability assessment is the process of defining, identifying, classifying, and prioritizing vulnerabilities in computer systems, and network infrastructures to provide the organization doing the assessment with the necessary knowledge, awareness and risk background to understand the threats to its environment and react appropriately.

The Risk Detected: High Risk Score section provides the number of Critical, High, Medium, and Low severity vulnerabilities that were detected. 

The Top 3 Vulnerabilities section includes: 

Vulnerability Detail
Desktop Count
Server Count
Other Count
Risk Score

The Apply Patches to Stay Protected section reminds clients of the timeline that they should implement Critical, High, Medium, and Low patches within. 

Endpoint Assessment

This section assesses machine risk by using a sub-set of endpoint security controls to determine which machines are prone to cyber-attacks. Unsecured DNS, firewall configuration, remote desktop access, basic AV protection, and advanced protections, like SentinelOne, are considered.

The Risk Detected: High Risk Score section includes details on the following:

Unsecured DNS
Firewall Configuration
Remote Desktop Access
Basic AV Protection Missing 
Advanced Protection

The Top 3 Endpoints By Missing Control section provides the following:

Host Name
Host Type 
Control

Your Security Readiness Assessment chart compares your likeliness to be at risk with other sites of similar endpoint range and all sites.

The How to stay Protected section at the bottom of the page helps educate clients around the pervasiveness of malicious actors on the web so they understand the risk of Dark Web exposure and how you can help them mitigate risk.

Patch Assessment

Patch assessment is the process that helps acquire, test, and install multiple patches on a computer, enabling systems to stay updated on existing patches and safeguard the IT environment from vulnerabilities and exploits.

The Apply Patches to Stay Protected section reminds clients of the timeline that they should implement Critical, High, Medium, and Low patches within. 

The Top 3 Missing Patches table includes: 

Patch Details
Desktop Count
Server Count
Other Count
Risk Score
User Risk Assessment

This section assesses user account risk against a sub-set of user account security controls, including password complexity checks and detecting accounts that have not been logged into for 30 days or more.

The Policy Compliance and Login History chart breaks down user activity for you including last login, never logged in, and password statistics. 

The Top 3 Users by Failed Compliance table includes the user and the compliance infringement. Refer to the detailed report to view all the records.

The Your Security Readiness Assessment chart compares your sites, sites with a similar number of endpoints, and all sites and displays them on a spectrum from More likely at risk to less likely at risk. 

The How to stay Protected section at the bottom of the page helps educate clients around the pervasiveness of malicious actors on the web so they understand the risk of Dark Web exposure and how you can help them mitigate risk.

IT Infrastructure Assessment

Asset discovery is the process of discovering and collecting data on the technology assets connected to a network for management and tracking purposes. 

The High Risk Detected section displays the number of assets validated, the number of assets where backup and recovery checks failed, the number of assets with utilized disk space over 90%, and the number of assets with utilized disk space of 75%. 

The Assets by Disk Space section breaks down the disc space used by asset. 

The Assests by Age section shows how many assets you have in each age range: 0-3 years, 3-5 years, and 5+ years.

The Assets by OS section lists each operating system, the number of assets on the OS, and indicated if the OS is supported or unsupported. 

The How to stay Protected section at the bottom of the page helps educate clients around the pervasiveness of malicious actors on the web so they understand the risk of Dark Web exposure and how you can help them mitigate risk.

Assessment Detailed Report

The Assesment Detailed report is a tactical report for an IT audience, containing a detailed vulnerabilities list. 


The Assessment Details report contains details for the following assessments: 

Dark Web Exposure Details
Anti-Spam Configuration Details
Endpoint Health Details
Endpoint Hygiene/Assets Details
Open Vulnerabilities Details
Missing Patches Details
Users with Possible Policy Violations Details
User Logins Details
Disabled Users Details
Dark Web Exposure Details

 This section lists all the users that were exposed along with the exposure date, exposure source, and the encrypted credentials.

Column 	Description
User Name	A list of individual email IDs at risk.
Credential	Passwords are partially displayed (fgfg****), this indicates the password has been decrypted and is available for sale. Note that, in many cases, email IDs may be listed more than once; if encrypted and decrypted versions are both available or if a password has multiple breach sources.
Exposure Source	If the record was the result of a breach of a specific website the site will be listed. Many breaches are actually collections of data from previous breaches that have been repackaged for sale. If the record was from a source that is a collection of data or from a breach where the source was not known, Not Disclosed will be displayed here.
Exposure Date	The date the information was first found on the dark web.
Severity	Indicates the severity of the exposure: Critical, High, Medium, Low, and Informational.
Confidence	Displays the confidence leve: low, medium, or high. 
Anti-Spam Configuration Details

This section checks SPF and DMARC configurations for all the domains of the site.

Column 	Description
Domain Name	Displays the domain name. 
SPF	Indicates whether domains are configured (✓) or not configured (x) for SPF. With SPF enabled, it becomes much more difficult for an attacker or spammer to impersonate a domain, which in turn can reduce the probability of fraud and abuse.
DMARC	Indicates whether domains are configured (✓) or not configured (x) for DMARC. At the most basic level, a DMARC record announces to an email recipient that your domain is using SPF/DKIM and tells the recipient what to do if email doesn’t match SPF/DKIM.
Endpoint Health Details

This section provides detail of the endpoints like Machine Name, IP Address, Machine Type and Operating System along with the health details of the endpoints like Firewall protection and open vulnerabilities.

Column 	Description
Machine Name	Displays the machine name of the endpoint.
IP Address	Displays the IP Address of the endpoint.
Machine Type	Displays the machine type.
Operating System	Displays the operating system.
Firewall Protection	Indicates if the endpoint has firewall detection. 
Advanced Protection	Indicates if the endpoint has advanced protection.
DNS Protection	Indicates if the endpoint has DNS protection.
Remote Desktop Disabled	Indicates if remote desktop is disabled on the endpoint. 
Open Vulnerabilities	

Displays the number of vulnerabilities detected on the endpoint. The color indicates the severity level: 

Red = Critical
Orange = High
Yellow = Medium
Green = Low
Blue = Informational
Endpoint Hygiene/Assets Details

This section gives asset details (Machine Name, IP Address, Machine Type and Operating System) along with the Basic AV protection, Backup configurations, OS up-to-date, count of missing patches, Asset Age and HDD space utilized.

Column 	Description
Machine Name	Displays the machine name of the endpoint.
IP Address	Displays the IP address of the endpoint. 
Machine Type	Displays the machine type. 
Operating System	Displays the operating system of the endpoint.
Missing Patches	Displays the number of patches missing on the endpoint. 
Basic AV Protection	Indicates if the endpoint has basic AV protection.
Backup Configured	Indicates if the endpoint has backup configured. 
OS Upto-Date	Indicates if the endpoint OS is on the latest version. 
Asset Age	Displays the age of the asset. 
HDD Space Utilized	Displays the percentage of HDD space used. 
Open Vulnerabilities Details

This section includes all the vulnerabilities that have impacted the endpoints present in the site. The vulnerability description, CVSS risk score and references are gathered from NVD site.

Column 	Description
CVE ID	Displays the CVE ID number.
Vulnerability Name/Description	Provides the name and description of the CVE.
CVSS Score (Risk Level)	Displays the CVSS score and risk level of the CVE.
Impacted Endpoints	Displays the endpoints that are impacted by the CVE.
References	Provides links to additional references. 
Missing Patches Details

This section lists the Patches, Application Name, Impacted Endpoints and if rebooting is required or not.

Column 	Description
Patch Name/Description	Provides the name of each missing patch.
Severity	Provides the severity of the patch according to the vendor. If no severity is available, N/A is displayed. 
Classification	Provides the classification of the patch according to the vendor. If no severity is available, N/A is displayed. 
Application Name	Displays the name of the application. 
Impacted Endpoints	Displays the endpoints that are impacted by the patch. 
Reboot Required?	Indicates if the patch requires a reboot. 
Users with Possible Policy Violations Details

This section compiles all the users along with details like User Name, User Role, Last Login Timestamp, Password Required, Password Changeable, Password Complexity Enabled, Password Expiring.

Column 	Description
User Name	Displays the endooint and user name. 
User Role	Displays the role of the user.
Last Login Timestamp	Displays the date and time of the users last login. Displays N/A for users who have never logged in.
Password Required	Indicates if a password is required for the user.
Password Changeable	Indicates if the password is able to be updated by the user.
Password Complexity Enabled	Indicates if the password must meet complexity requirements.
Password Expiring	Indicates if the password is set to expire. 
User Logins Details

This section provides a sorted list of all the users that along with the login details like User Name, User Role, Last Login Timestamp which includes 30-60, 60-90 and 90+ days and Last Login Status.

Column 	Description
User Name	Displays the endoint and user name.
User Role	Displays the role of the user.
Last Login Timestamp	Displays the date and time the user last logged in. N/A displays for users who have never logged in.
Last Login Status	Displays a date range for when the user last logged in. 
Disabled Users Details

This section provides a list of all disabled user sorted by Username

Column 	Description
User Name	Displays the endpoint and user name.
User Role	 Displays the role of the user. 
Generate and Download an Assessment RMM - Network Assessment
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Enable Dark Web Monitoring with Risk Assessment
Generate and Download an Assessment
ConnectWise Endpoint Policy Management: Reports
This article provides information on the available reports for ConnectWise Endpoint Policy Management™.
BrightGauge in ConnectWise RMM
Reports for RMM are available in BrightGauge. These reports are in the form of templates and you can use these to create reports for your clients or f...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.