Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM - Network Assessment   Network Data Collector
Network Data Collector
Last updated
Jul 9, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Using the Optional Network Data Collector
Run the Computer Data Collector
Overview

The Optional Network Data Collector collects information from Windows and Mac machines that are not on the network. It should be run from the primary domain controller with administrative privileges.

Using the Optional Network Data Collector

The Optional Network Data Collector scans Active Directory and performs scans of devices and computers on the network using ICMP Ping, SNMP, WMI, RPC, and other network protocols to gather more detailed information. Administrative rights are required, and computers on the network must have WMI and other protocols open, available, and running.

The Network Data Collector is not able to collect detailed information on those systems if remote access to WMI, etc., on the computers is blocked by a firewall or is turned off (e.g., using Group Policy). However, it will still perform the port scan, looking for common open ports.

The optional Computer Data Collector allows you to perform scans on individual systems and merge the data from these computer scans into the network scan during the Import Scan.

Scans can be used on networks that have a domain as well as networks without a domain. But in both cases, you must also run the Network Data Collector because the Network Assessment tool requires an NDF.

Remember, use the Protocol Availability Scan to determine what systems are accessible and to decide if you also want to collect data from the systems individually.

Run the Computer Data Collector
Run the Computer Data Collector as an administrator on one or more of the computers included in the reports to produce one <computername>.CDF file for each computer. Upon completion, the program opens the output folder
Note: If you run it from the computer's drive, the default is to unzip and run in the temporary directory. 
Copy the CDF to a common/permanent location. Consider unzipping permanently to a thumb drive and running runLocal.bat or runLocalSilent.bat, which collects the information and stores it on the thumb drive.
HIPAA Compliance Module Network Detective XP Migration Readiness Analysis Report
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
PCI Compliance Module
Advanced Configuration Network Assessment Tool
Client Connector Tool
HIPAA Compliance Module
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.