Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM - Network Assessment   Network Detective XP Migration Readiness Analysis Report
Network Detective XP Migration Readiness Analysis Report
Last updated
Jul 9, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Running the Report
Upgrade Readiness Summary
Upgrade Readiness Detail
Application Compatibility
Driver Compatibility
Overview

Note: To use the XP Migration Readiness Analysis Report, be sure that you are running v2.1.1135.1 of the Network Detective Reports Builder.

The Network Detective XP Migration Readiness AnalysisReport, part of our Network Assessment Tool Premium Add On Package, helps identify and preliminarily determine the systems ready for migration from Windows XP to Windows 8.1.

An XP system should meet the Minimum System Requirements for Windows 8.1 to be ready for Windows 8.1. To ensure full compatibility, Application and Driver compatibility should be evaluated (or at least documented). Microsoft should ensure its drivers are compatible moving forward, but there is no guarantee that any particular application or device vendor will help ensure the same.
 
The readiness assessment is based on information gathered by the Network Detective Data Collector. On Active Directory domains, only computers currently active (defined as connecting to the domain within the last 30 days) are scanned. Readiness is determined by comparing the collected information against the minimum system requirements for Windows 8.1. Other factors may lead to incompatibility, and this report should only be used as a guide to identify potential upgrade candidates. Each computer should be further evaluated for suitability as an upgrade candidate.
 
Because of the nature and variety of applications and device drivers, this report does not state the compatibility of any individual application or driver version. The list is provided as a convenient way to gather information for review.

Running the Report

To run the report, select the check box for XP Migration Readiness Report from Network Detective's Network Assessments tab.

The generated report will provide the following data:

Upgrade Readiness Summary

The Upgrade Readiness Summary reports the number of XP Computers discovered on the network and the number considered Very Good or Excellent candidates for migration to Windows 8.1.

 

Upgrade Readiness Detail

The Upgrade Readiness Detail section grades individual computer systems on upgrade readiness. Grades are given for overall system readiness (Figure 4) and for individual components within each system.

 

Application Compatibility

The Application Compatibility section of the report provides a list of non-Windows applications that should be investigated for Windows 8.1 compatibility (Figure 7).

Driver Compatibility

The Driver Compatibility section of the report provides a list of drivers that should be investigated for Windows 8.1 compatibility. Only non-Microsoft drivers are listed.

 

Network Data Collector PCI Compliance Module
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
PCI Compliance Module
Network Data Collector
Advanced Configuration Network Assessment Tool
Client Connector Tool
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.