Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM - Network Assessment   PCI Compliance Module
PCI Compliance Module
Last updated
Jul 9, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Order PCI Compliance Module
Setting Up and Running a PCI Compliance Assessment
PCI Compliance Overview
How the PCI Compliance Module Fits into the PCI Audit Process
What an ASV External Scan IS
What an ASV External Scan IS NOT
ASV External Scans DO NOT:
What the PCI Compliance Module Offers
How the PCI Compliance Module Works
A. Initial Data Collection
B. Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) Deep Scan
C. Get Secondary Data
D. Document Exceptions and Compensating Controls
Branded PCI Compliance Reports
PCI Documents and Reports you can generate
Overview

The PCI (Payment Card Industry) Compliance Module of our Network Assessment Tool allows you to collect site data and provide PCI Compliance reports and other background documentation for a PCI audit. This module combines an automatic collection of network and computer data with custom-generated worksheets that tell you what additional information to collect on-site. Data from the various scans and worksheets is then automatically analyzed and seamlessly integrated into a set of PCI Compliance reports you can brand as your own and use to help ensure you and your clients adhere to the Official PCI Security Standards.

Order PCI Compliance Module

In the Asio™ platform:

Navigate to Settings > Account Administration > Products & Services > Network Assessment Tool > PCI Compliance Module.
If you previously installed a Network Assessment Tool, select the PCI Compliance Module and click Update Account. If this is your first time activating a Network Assessment tool, select Basic Package > PCI Compliance Module and click Activate Account.
Setting Up and Running a PCI Compliance Assessment

Detailed instructions on setting up and running a PCI Compliance Assessment are provided in the following RapidFire user guides.

Note: Some initial setup steps may not apply when this tool is downloaded from ConnectWise's Asio™ platform (ITSupport Portal).

Network Detective PCI Compliance Module User Guide
Network Detective PCI Compliance Module Quick Start Guide
Network Detective Push Deploy Tool Guide
PCI Compliance Overview

PCI Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) are technical and operational requirements set by the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) to protect cardholder data. The standards apply to all organizations that store, process, or transmit cardholder data—with guidance for software developers and manufacturers of applications and devices used in those transactions.

If you have clients that accept payment cards, they are required to be compliant with the PCI DSS. 

Each of the major credit card issuers and acquiring banks have slightly different compliance requirements, but all follow the same general standards. To learn what your specific compliance requirements are, check with your card brand compliance program:

American Express
Discover
JCB
MasterCard
Visa
Visa Europe

For more information, visit How to Be Compliant on the PCI SSC website.

How the PCI Compliance Module Fits into the PCI Audit Process

This PCI Compliance Module allows you to generate the background documentation for IT Risk Assessment and PCI Compliance Readiness solutions and is not a PCI DSS Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV). The module tool helps MSPs prepare their customers for an ASV scan and provides the background documentation for over 60 other parts of PCI DSS IT Risk Assessment processes not covered by an ASV scan.

The ASV only scans the external perimeter of a merchant’s network, and the official submitted scans can only be performed by a third-party ASV. An MSP’s role is to help lock down their customer’s network before the ASV scan (using an External Vulnerability Scan) and to ensure the LAN is properly secured and the customer’s Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) is protected.

The PCI Module was developed to enable MSPs to perform fast and easy PCI IT Risk Assessments using internal and external network scans, surveys, and worksheets that examine a merchant company's network to:

Determine how the merchant complies with over 60 key PCI requirements associated with their use of Information Technology.
Identify and document security risks and PCI compliance lapses.
Present detailed actions that must be performed to remediate these identified risks and lapses.
Be used in a post-remediation assessment to produce the necessary Evidence of Compliance detailing that identified risks have been remediated and help the merchant company feel secure when they enlist an ASV to perform an External Vulnerability Scan.

The Evidence of Compliance generated by the PCI Module combined with the Evidence of Compliance provided by the ASV could be attached to the PCI DSS Self Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) for submission to the MSP client company's merchant bank as part of the annual PCI Compliance Assessment process.

What an ASV External Scan IS

The External Scan requirement performed by the ASV only helps a merchant to comply with one PCI Requirement: PCI DSS Requirement 11.2.2. Over 130 companies are Approved Scanning Vendors, and these companies can be used to enable an MSP's customer to secure an approved External Scan and a report detailing PCI Compliance issues.

As explained above, the documented results of an ASV-provided external scan passed by a merchant can be combined with the information provided by the PCI Module’s Evidence of PCI Compliance report to act as documented proof that the merchant complies with PCI.

What an ASV External Scan IS NOT

An ASV External Scan is not a comprehensive IT Risk Assessment as required under PCI Requirement 12.1.2.

ASV External Scans DO NOT:
Perform scans of the internal network to identify workstation and server vulnerabilities, identify the lack of endpoint protection software, and verify that the endpoint protection software is operating and updated in compliance with PCI requirements
Perform assessments to ensure that Cardholder Data Environment’s network user access account policies comply with PCI requirements
Save risk assessment time associated with a comprehensive PCI risk assessment
Reduce risk assessment documentation time
Deliver a reduction in IT costs by enabling the reduction of the "scope" of the PCI Requirements application to the MSP customer's IT environment used to process card transactions by ensuring that Cardholder Data is not present on IT servers and workstations.

For details about the reports generated by the PCI Compliance Module, see Producing Your Branded Reports below.

What the PCI Compliance Module Offers

Because PCI Compliance is central to you and your client's business, the PCI Compliance module provides an opportunity to offer a new set of valuable IT services. These include:

PCI Assessment Services. Assess clients' Cardholder Data Environments (CDE), perform PCI pre-audit services, and use the tool for client prospecting.
PCI Remediation Services. Document and prioritize issues clients must remediate to address PCI-related security vulnerabilities through ongoing managed services.
PCI Reporting Services. Produce the necessary key documents as proof that clients comply with PCI and sell new and valuable PCI reporting.

This module is the first product of its kind to combine an automatic collection of network and computer data with custom-generated worksheets that tell you what additional information to collect on-site. Data from the various scans and worksheets are then automatically analyzed and seamlessly integrated into a set of PCI Compliance reports that you can brand as your own.

How the PCI Compliance Module Works

The process to create a PCI Compliance Assessment involves the following four major steps:

A. Initial Data Collection

One of the most challenging aspects of ensuring your clients are in compliance with PCI is gathering and organizing the vast amount of data that must be collected from a variety of sources. The PCI Compliance module of the Network Assessment Tool offers a central repository to easily, safely, and securely collect the information.

External Vulnerability Scan. As part of your evaluation, you'll want to perform an external vulnerability scan. This scan is something you can initiate remotely before or after other automated scans.
Internal Vulnerability Scan. (Optional) Expand the scope of your review by including an internal vulnerabilities scan in your assessment. (The hardware required to perform internal vulnerability scans can be purchased from RapidFire Tools.)
Pre-Scan Questionnaire. An initial questionnaire should be completed before starting any scans to gather preliminary information regarding the target site. (For a sample questionnaire, see the reports table below.)
Network and Local Quick PCI Scans. (Optional) While you are conducting your Pre-Scan Questionnaire, you also may want to run the non-invasive Quick PCI scanner on the network and on any PCs your clients are using in association with their credit card data activity. (The hardware required to perform Quick PCI scans can be purchased from RapidFire Tools.)

Whether you do a limited PCI check-up or go all-out with a full PCI Data Security Standards Assessment, the data collected from the scans you perform are automatically correlated and seamlessly integrated into your reports without the need to copy and paste results from different tools into a single document.

B. Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) Deep Scan

Once you gather the initial data and upload it into the Network Assessment, the tool generates customized worksheets based on the preliminary data collected that will allow you to identify components of the CDE.

Local Deep PCI Scan. A PCI Deep Scan, which includes a deep-dive Primary Account Number (PAN) scan, should be run on all computers identified as belonging to the CDE. You will also run the PCI Deep Scan on a sampling of computers outside the CDE to see if credit card data is being stored outside the CDE.
C. Get Secondary Data

After completing the deep scan and uploading it into the Network Assessment, the tool will generate the following seven customized worksheets based on the data collected:

External Port Security Worksheet
User Identification Worksheet
Endpoint Protection Capability Identification Worksheet
Server Function Identification Worksheet
Necessary Function Identification Worksheet
PCI Verification Questionnaire
Cardholder Data Environment Identification Worksheet

Once you complete these worksheets, this data will be cross-correlated automatically with the data collected by the Network Assessment data collector to identify any anomalies.

D. Document Exceptions and Compensating Controls

The next step in the process is to have the tool generate a Compensating Controls Worksheet, which will list identified issues. Note any exceptions and add further explanations as well as detail any Compensating Controls your client has in place to comply with PCI.

Branded PCI Compliance Reports

As part of the PCI Compliance process, this module allows you to generate all the documents needed to ensure your clients are in compliance with all of the security and many of the Cardholder Data Protection and Security provisions of PCI, including the customized interim worksheets that guide you through the data-collection process and the final branded reports that will be your PCI compliance deliverables.

All Network Detective subscriptions include an Enhanced Branding Package, which allows you to control the overall look-and-feel of the reports generated. With the Enhanced Branding package, you can:

Personalize the reports with your company name and logo.
Change the accent colors to match your own company standards.
Select from a number of pre-designed report templates.
Embellish your reports with photos and images from the pre-screened, royalty-free library.
PCI Documents and Reports you can generate
Document	Description	Sample (click to view)
PCI Policies and Procedures	

The Policy and Procedures are the best practices that our industry experts have formulated to comply with the technical requirements of the PCI DSS. The policies define what your organization will do while the procedures detail how you will do it.

In the event of a PCI Compliance audit, the first thing an auditor will inspect is the Policies and Procedures documentation. More than a suggested way of doing business, Policies and Procedures have been carefully thought out and vetted, referencing specific sections in the PCI DSS Requirements and supported by the other reports included with the PCI Compliance module.

	
PCI Risk Analysis	

PCI is a risk-based security framework, and the production of a Risk Analysis is one of the primary requirements for PCI compliance. In fact, a Risk Analysis is the foundation for the entire security program. It identifies the locations of electronic stores and/or the transmission of Cardholder Data and vulnerabilities to the security of the data, discovers threats that might act on the vulnerabilities, and estimates both the likelihood and the impact of a threat acting on a vulnerability.

The Risk Analysis helps Card Processing Merchants and their third-party Service Provider identify the components of the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) and how the data moves within/in and out of the organization. It identifies what protections are in place and where more are needed. The Risk Analysis results in a list of items that must be remediated to ensure the security and confidentiality of Cardholder Data at rest and/or during its transmission.

The Risk Analysis must be run or updated at least annually, more often if anything significant changes that could affect one or more system components in the CDE itself.

	
PCI Management Plan	Based on the findings in the Risk Analysis, the organization must create a Risk Management Plan with tasks required to minimize, avoid, or respond to risks. Beyond gathering information, the PCI module provides a risk-scoring matrix that an organization can use to prioritize risks and appropriately allocate money and resources to ensure identified issues are solved. The Risk Management plan defines the strategies and tactics the organization will use to address its risks.	
Evidence of PCI Compliance	Just performing PCI-compliant tasks is not enough. Audits and investigations require evidence that compliance tasks have been carried out and completed. Documentation must be kept for six years. The Evidence of Compliance includes log-in files, patch analysis, user and computer information, and other source material to support your compliance activities. Ultimately, the proof to proper documentation is accessibility and the detail to satisfy an auditor or investigator included in this report.	
External Network Vulnerability Scan Details	Detailed reports showing security holes and warnings and informational items including CVSS scores as scanned from outside the target network. External vulnerabilities could allow a malicious attacker access to the internal network.	
Internal Network Vulnerability Scan Details	

Detailed reports showing security holes and warnings and informational items including CVSS scores as scanned from inside the target network. Closing internal vulnerabilities helps prevent external attackers once inside a network and internal users from exploiting weaknesses typically protected by external firewalls.

Note: The hardware required to perform internal vulnerability scans can be purchased here.

	
PCI Pre-scan Questionnaire	This questionnaire contains a list of questions about physical and technical security that cannot be gathered automatically. The survey includes questions ranging from how a facility controls access, firewall information, and application development to authentication and change management standards.	
External Port Security Worksheet	This worksheet allows you to document business justifications for all of the allowed ports, the protocol configured to use a specific port, and the documentation of any insecure configurations implemented and in use for a given protocol.	
Cardholder Data Environment ID Worksheet	The Cardholder Data Environment Worksheet takes the list of computers gathered by the Data Collector and lets you identify those that store or access Cardholder Data. This worksheet is an effective tool in developing data management strategies including secure storage and encryption.	
Server Function ID Worksheet	Per PCI DSS Requirement 2.1.1, only one function per server can be implemented to prevent functions that require different security levels from co-existing on the same server. The Service Function Identification worksheet enables you to document server roles (web server, database server, DNS server, etc.) and the functions activated on each server (real/physical or virtual) within the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE).	
User Identification Worksheet	

The User Identification Worksheet takes the list of users gathered by the Data Collector and lets you identify whether they are an employee or vendor. Users who should have been terminated and should have had their access terminated also can be identified.

This worksheet is an effective tool to determine if unauthorized users have access to protected information. It also is a good indicator of the efforts the organization employs so terminated employees and vendors have their access quickly disabled.

Another benefit is a review of the user list to identify generic logons, such as Admin, Billing Office, etc., which are not allowed by PCI since each user is required to be uniquely identified.

	
Necessary Functions Worksheet	For each server in the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE), this worksheet presents startup applications, services, and other functions, allowing you to identify functions that are unnecessary for the server to fulfill its primary function.	
Endpoint Protection Capability Identification Worksheet	This worksheet enables the PCI readiness specialist to inspect and document the features and capabilities of Endpoint Protection Software deployed on computers throughout network both in and out of the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE).	
PAN Scan Verification Worksheet	The Deep Scan includes a Personal Account Number (PAN) scanner. The results of the PAN scan are presented in this worksheet, allowing you the opportunity to investigate and verify if the detected numbers are truly an identifying account number/credit card.	
Compensating Controls Worksheet	PCI allows compensating controls to be put in place to mitigate potential security issues in the environment. All discovered issues are presented in this worksheet to allow you to document the compensating controls that may be in place.	
PCI Layer 2/3 Diagram	

This diagram shows the various components discovered along with their Layer 2 and Layer 3 connections. Systems and devices that are part of the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) are highlighted. Having a representation of the components in the CDE along with their connectivity to the global network is a requirement of PCI.

Note: The hardware required to perform internal vulnerability scans can be purchased here.

	

 

 

 

Network Detective XP Migration Readiness Analysis Report Security Assessment Tool
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Network Data Collector
Advanced Configuration Network Assessment Tool
Client Connector Tool
HIPAA Compliance Module
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.