Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM Reporting API   Getting Started with the Reporting API
Getting Started with the Reporting API
Last updated
Jul 9, 2025
Table of contents
Important: The RMM Reporting API is scheduled for deprecation and will be considered a legacy feature. For instructions on setting up the new API access feature on the Asio platform, please refer to the Partner API Access User Guide. You can access your reporting data securely through your Snowflake instance via Private Listing, a service provided by Snowflake for ConnectWise partners. For more information, refer to the Asio - Snowflake documentation.
Overview
Authentication Prerequisites
Retrieve Your Reporting API Key
Retrieve Site Codes and Machine IDs
Reporting API Endpoints
Important: The RMM Reporting API is scheduled for deprecation and will be considered a legacy feature. For instructions on setting up the new API access feature on the Asio platform, please refer to the Partner API Access User Guide. You can access your reporting data securely through your Snowflake instance via Private Listing, a service provided by Snowflake for ConnectWise partners. For more information, refer to the Asio - Snowflake documentation.
Overview

Below are authentication prerequisites and API endpoints that are important to review before configuring your API operations.

Authentication Prerequisites

All communication with the API is conducted over a secure channel using SSL, which provides bidirectional encryption to protect against eavesdropping and tampering with the contents of API requests and responses.

API clients must provide an API key via HTTP Basic Access Authentication. Basic authentication is a standard mechanism to provide credentials using a specific HTTP header. For more information, see HTTP Authentication: Basic and Digest Access Authentication.

The Reporting API expects a valid, Base64-encoded API key to be supplied in the HTTP “Authorization” header in the following format:

“Basic [your Base64-encoded API key]"

Example: Basic QWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuIHNlc2FtZQ==

Failure to provide credentials in the expected format, or failure to provide valid credentials, results in a failed API request.

Retrieve Your Reporting API Key

To retrieve your Reporting API key, log in to the Asio™ Platform and go to Settings > Account Administration > Integration > Reporting API.

Note: Use this API key as the password for authenticating all Reporting API REST requests with a blank username. Although the HTTP Basic Authentication spec calls for the Base64 encoding of both a username and password, separated by a colon character (:), the Reporting API authentication process does not require a username, and authentication fails if anything other than an empty string for the username is entered.

Retrieve Site Codes and Machine IDs

In addition to a valid API key, most API requests require a unique Site Code to identify the site where data is being requested, and some requests (such as Endpoint Protection Version Summary, Installed Software, and System Information) also optionally accommodate a unique Machine ID to identify a specific device. If an invalid site or machine is specified, the API request fails.

To retrieve Site Codes, run the Sites resource or go to Settings > Account Administration > Sites in the Asio™ platform.

To retrieve Machine IDs, run the Agent Details resource using the retrieved Site Code of the site where the device is located and note the IDs in the returned data.

Reporting API Endpoints

This API currently uses the Legacy endpoint listed below for all REST resources except Sites and Devices, which require a separate endpoint. The required endpoint and URI combinations are listed with each of the REST resources.

REST (Legacy):https://itsapi.itsupport247.net/reportingapi/ReportingAPIService.svc/json
REST (Sites and Devices):https://api.itsupport247.net/reporting/v1/Sites
RMM Reporting API Reporting API REST Resources
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Reporting API REST Resources
Below are the REST resources supported in ConnectWise's Reporting API.
Agent Details
Retrieves agent information for the authenticated partner and the specified site.
Antivirus Summary
Retrieves counts of machines having antivirus protection in the following states: Updated, Outdated, Not Installed, or Information Unavailable.
Antivirus Version Summary
Retrieves currently detected antivirus software and the definition version.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.