Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM Tools   APIs
APIs
Last updated
Dec 3, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Additional Resources
Overview

This guide contains documentation for ConnectWise APIs. Click the title of an article to learn more.

Asio Integration API
Managed Service Providers (MSPs) use a number of different tools and products to effectively monitor and manage their client's networks. Each of these products and tools have their own console, portal, or application where MSPs can monitor and manage them.
Authentication and Authorization
Managed Devices Details APIs
Product Status APIs
Rate Limits
Automation API
The API access for Automation provides a set of APIs that allow seamless integration and automation, allowing for efficient tasking and scripting functionalities.
Retrieve Custom Templates API
Retrieve Fusion Scripts API
Retrieve Global Templates API
Schedule Automation Tasks on Managed Endpoints API
Retrieve all Scheduled Tasks API
Show all
Devices API
The Devices APIs retrieve different types of information related to a specific machine or machines belonging to a specific partner or site.
Agent Last Seen API
Device Summary API – Retrieve All Endpoint Devices
Exposed API for Generate Token
Offboard/Uninstall Agent via API
Retrieve Details of an Endpoint via API
Retrieve Last Logged on User Information on an Endpoint via API
Device Groups API
The API access for Device Groups provides a set of APIs that allow seamless integration and automation with Device Groups management functionalities.
Retrieve All Device Groups API
Public Ticketing API
ConnectWise's public ticketing API allows MSPs or PSA vendors to integrate with our two-way ticket synchronization system to create tickets, update ticket details (add notes, change statuses, etc.), and close tickets from either side of the integration. The API supports RESTful protocol and uses a callback mechanism for real-time synchronization
API Exceptions
API Integration Process
API Operations
Example Public Ticketing API Operations
Getting Started with the Public Ticketing API
User Acceptance Test
Additional Resources
API Access
API Scopes Swagger File: Sign in - Developer Network
Navigate to the ConnectWise Asio APIs
Please reach out to rmmsupport@connectwise.com if you do not have access
Gateway Cache Asio Integration API
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asio Integration API
Managed Service Providers (MSPs) use a number of different tools and products to effectively monitor and manage their client's networks. Each of these...
Public Ticketing API
ConnectWise's public ticketing API allows MSPs or PSA vendors to integrate with our two-way ticket synchronization system to create tickets, update ti...
Device Groups API
The API access for Device Groups provides a set of APIs that allow seamless integration and automation with Device Groups management functionalities.
Automation API
The API access for Automation provides a set of APIs that allow seamless integration and automation, allowing for efficient tasking and scripting func...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.