Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM Tools   APIs   Asio Integration API   Authentication and Authorization
Authentication and Authorization
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Client Credentials Grant Type
Authorization
OAuth Apps Access Scope
Authorize with Credentials
Post Authorize with Credentials
Request
Overview

The ConnectWise RMM Integration API platform uses OAuth2.0 protocol for authentication.

Client Credentials Grant Type

Client Credentials is a simple authentication type, where Vendor client will have to use OAuth2.0 Application Identifiers (client_id/client_secret pairs) to generate an access token and use this token to communicate and integrate with ConnectWise Command Integration APIs. Client Credentials grant type Integration Set Up consists of the following steps:

After Registration of the vendor and product is complete, the product will be listed in the Asio platform.
Navigate to the Integrations menu.
Click on Asio Integrations to show a list of all available products.
Click on the product and click Integrate. 
Generate the Client credentials (Client ID and Client Secret).
In the Asio Portal, MSP generates Client_Id and Client_Secret for the respective product integration.
MSP shares these identifiers with the Vendor client.
The vendor client uses these identifiers to generate an access token.
After the access token is generated, the Vendor client can make authenticated calls to open APIs.
Authorization

Authorization scopes define which APIs are accessed by vendors and what level of data is accessible through the APIs. As part of the initial integration set up for a vendor, Authorization scopes will be assigned depending on what they may need for their integration. Following scopes are available for the APIs.

OAuth Apps Access Scope
Name	Description
topology	Grants access to view topology information for the given partner
asset:all	Grants access to view all Endpoint's asset data
asset:baseboard	Grants access to view asset baseboard data of the Endpoint
asset:bios	Grants access to view asset bios data of the Endpoint
asset:drives	Grants access to view all Endpoint's asset data
asset:networks	Grants access to view asset network data of the Endpoint
asset:os	Grants access to view asset os data of the Endpoint
asset:system	Grants access to view asset system data of the Endpoint
asset:software	Grants access to view asset users of the Endpoint
asset:users	Grants access to view asset users of the Endpoint
asset:services	Grants access to view asset available services of the Endpoint
asset:shares	Grants an access to view asset shares data of the Endpoint
statuses	Grants write access to product status API of the Endpoint, and read access of the Json schema for the product status
Authorize with Credentials
Post Authorize with Credentials

Sandbox: 

https://openapi.sandbox.use1.cwcmddev.cwnet.io/v1/token

Production: 

https://openapi.service.itsupport247.net/v1/token

Request

To authorize with credentials:

{

"grant_type": "client_credentials",

"client_id": "6500023",

"client_secret": "some_client_secret",

"scope": "topology statuses"

 

Asio Integration API Managed Devices Details APIs
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Rate Limits
Managed Devices Details APIs
These APIs return details of your MSP network – Clients, Sites, and Endpoints.
Product Status APIs
Public Ticketing API
ConnectWise's public ticketing API allows MSPs or PSA vendors to integrate with our two-way ticket synchronization system to create tickets, update ti...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.