Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   RMM Tools   APIs   Device Groups API   Retrieve All Device Groups API
Retrieve All Device Groups API
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
API Name
API Description
Request and Response API
API Name

Retrieve All Device Groups for a Partner

API Description

This API allows you to retrieve information about all device groups associated with the partner account.

Request and Response API

You can find the Request and Response API details at this dev portal.

The API Response will include the following fields:

Field	Description
id	Device Group ID
name	Device Group Name
description	Description of the Device Group
createdAt	Timestamp indicating when the Device Group was created
updatedAt	Timestamp indicating when the device group was last updated. If a Device Group was created and never updated, the createdAt and updatedAT fields will have the same value. 
predefined, static	These are conditional fields, note for which is given below

 

Note:

If the static field is present and set to true, it indicates that the device group is static. 
If the predefined field is present and set to true, it indicates that the device group is predefined dynamic. 
If neither the predefined nor the static field is present, it indicates that the device group is dynamic. 

Note: Review the Device Groups documentation for more information on creating static and dynamic groups.

 

 

 

Device Groups API Devices API
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asio Integration API
Managed Service Providers (MSPs) use a number of different tools and products to effectively monitor and manage their client's networks. Each of these...
Public Ticketing API
ConnectWise's public ticketing API allows MSPs or PSA vendors to integrate with our two-way ticket synchronization system to create tickets, update ti...
Automation API
The API access for Automation provides a set of APIs that allow seamless integration and automation, allowing for efficient tasking and scripting func...
Devices API
The Devices APIs retrieve different types of information related to a specific machine or machines belonging to a specific partner or site.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.