Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Secure Information Store   Passwords Tab   Server and Desktop Passwords
Server and Desktop Passwords
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Server Password Accounts
Dynamic Password Prerequisites
Desktop Password Accounts
Overview

Tip: As an alternative to adding server and desktop credentials to the site-level Passwords tab, you can quickly and easily Enable Automatic Credentials to system-generate securely and as needed for NOC and Help Desk access to client machines. This access is configured in the site-level NOC Access tab of the Asio platform. If you prefer to specify server credentials yourself, enter them in the Passwords tab as described below.

Server Password Accounts

After the server agent is installed, you can enter Domain or Local Account credentials for servers on accounts with administrative privileges. After credentials are entered into the Passwords tab, a command is sent to a respective server agent to reset to a 12-character alphanumeric password. You can also set the password to never change (static) or to change weekly and within 15 minutes of a remote control session to the server (dynamic).

When the NOC or Help Desk requests a password from the Passwords tab, they must log in within three minutes, or the password is changed again. Passwords cannot be personally stored or shared.

If you change a server password, you must enter the new password in the Asio platform. Our monitoring agent requires the updated password to sync with the server and be changed dynamically.

To create a server password account:

Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Passwords > Server Passwords > New.
For Account Type, select Domain Account or Local Account.


Important: DO NOT store your primary domain administrator credentials in the Automated Passwords tab.  In addition, DO NOT add accounts used for logon scripts, running services, executing scripts, or other automated tasks.

Local Account: For a local account, select each of the configured servers from the resource list. This account can be set up and assigned to multiple servers if all have the same local account for administrator access. If separate local accounts are used, create an entry for each local account with administrative role privileges and assign it to the appropriate server.
Domain Account: When configuring a domain account, select the Domain Controller from the resource list. This account should be set up and assigned to the Domain Controller at the site. The domain account should have administrative role privileges and is used to access all servers at the site.
Enter the Domain Name, required credentials, and a short description for this account in the respective fields. Include additional information in the Remarks section as necessary.
Note: A fully qualified domain name (FQDN) must be entered for dynamic credentials to function properly.
Asio platform passwords are stored in the Passwords tab and Off Hours Desktop Maintenance. Selecting the Applicable to Desktop Maintenance box links the Passwords tab Domain Account so the same credentials can be used for Off Hours Desktop Maintenance as well as for ConnectWise Tech Advantage. If you have separately configured access passwords for Off-Hours Desktop Maintenance, this credential is used by the NOC and has higher precedence over the Passwords tab Domain Account.
Select whether you want the password to be Dynamic or Static.
Dynamic: (Strongly recommended for optimal security) The password entered is changed each time it is used then every seven days after or until used again.
Dynamic Password Prerequisites
Minimum Password Age/Minimum Password Length: For the Windows Password Policy, set the Minimum Password Age to 0 days and the Minimum Password Length to 12 characters. The password is dynamically updated.

The usernames Administrator, besadmin, root, and backupagent cannot be used when creating dynamic passwords.
The username entered must not be associated with any services or tasks scheduled on the server to avoid creating a username conflict that prevents the password from being dynamically changed.
The domain name entered for the site must be the NetBios domain name.
The user entered on the password tab should have access privileges to log on locally to the domain controller.
The domain name, server username, and server password must be identical to the domain name, server username, and server password stored in the Asio platform (not applicable to automated password accounts).
The Asio platform must not contain multiple domain entries for the same username and resource (not applicable to automated password accounts).
The username entered on the passwords tab must be a member of the domain/local administrator (not applicable to automated password accounts).
The user password on the server and the password on the Asio platform must be the same and should be updated accordingly (not applicable to automated password accounts).
The password entered is stored in the Passwords tab and never changed if Static. The password can be recovered through Quick Access > Secure Information Store.

Note: Be sure to prevent passwords from expiring; otherwise, the NOC is blocked from your accounts. For dynamic passwords, we recommend setting the domain controller password to never expire since the dynamic-password process is sufficiently secure. For static passwords, we recommend creating a schedule to update passwords as needed on a regular basis.

Next, select the resource this account applies to from the Resource drop-down list. For domain accounts, one account cannot be applied to multiple resources; each resource requires a unique account.
If you want the NOC and Help Desk to have access to this user account and password, click the checkbox for Back office access allowed.
Select the groups that should have access to this user account and password.
If you do not have groups defined or would like additional access, select from your Passwords tab Admin User or Normal User accounts.
Click Save to apply your changes.


Note: When you edit a user account, the Account Type or Resource assigned cannot be changed. To make changes to the Account Type or Resource, you must delete the user account and create a new one.

Desktop Password Accounts

Desktop passwords are required for sites under ConnectWise Help Desk Services management. Desktop passwords (either for individual desktops or as part of a domain account) are also required by the Preventive Maintenance Team to perform Off-Hours Maintenance. If a server is present at a site, a server password can be applied to desktops that share the same local domain. If a server is not present at a site, individual desktop passwords are required for each desktop at the site.

To create a desktop password account if a server is present at a site under ConnectWise Help Desk Services management:

Create a server password account (as described in the Creating Server Password Accounts section above) and select the Applicable to Desktop Maintenance and Back Office Access Allowed checkboxes. The NOC can use the server credentials to perform off-hours desktop maintenance for the desktop machines in the same local domain.

To create a desktop password account if a server is not present at a site under ConnectWise Help Desk Services management:

Create a password account for each desktop at the site. Repeat these steps for each desktop:
Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Passwords > Desktop Passwords.
Select Per-Machine from the Account Type drop-down menu. The window refreshes to show the list of available Resources at the site.
Select a Resource from the list and confirm the type of account (Domain or Local) and account name. Enter a password for the Resource and re-enter to confirm.
Repeat this process for any additional desktops at the site and click Save.
Passwords Tab How to Change a Server Password
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
How to Change a Server Password
Lights Out Management Passwords
Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
Access Control Groups
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.