Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Secure Information Store   Passwords Tab   Lights Out Management Passwords
Lights Out Management Passwords
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
How to Add LOM Credentials for Physical Servers, VMware Hosts, and Hyper-V Resources
Overview

To enable Lights Out Management (LOM), provide access by adding credentials to the Secure Information Store. LOM credentials can be added for:

Physical servers
VMware hosts
Hyper-V resources
How to Add LOM Credentials for Physical Servers, VMware Hosts, and Hyper-V Resources
Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Passwords > Lights Out Management Passwords and click New.

Complete the fields as outlined below:
Resource: Select a Windows server, VMware Host, Vault appliance, or Hyper-V resource from the drop-down list.
LOM IP / URL: Enter the IP address or URL to the LOM card for this resource. If you are providing an external IP address or URL, select External. If you are providing an internal IP address or URL, select Internal.
Management Machine: (For Internal IP/URL only) The Management Machine is any server or desktop with an RMM agent installed that exists on the same network as the resource you are configuring. Only servers and desktops with configured passwords appear in the drop-down. The machine you select is used by the NOC to access the LOM card within your internal network.
LOM Username/Password: Enter the credentials for the LOM card for this resource.
Remarks: Enter any additional information about the LOM credentials.
Click Save to add the credentials.

A message indicates the Lights Out Management password was created successfully, and the resource is listed in the Passwords tab for LOM.

When a NOC technician uses your credentials to access the server, the date in the Last Accessed On column is updated.
How to Change a Server Password Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Server and Desktop Passwords
How to Change a Server Password
Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
Access Control Groups
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.