Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Secure Information Store   Passwords Tab   Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
How to Add Login Credentials for Pre-Defined Applications
Configuring One Set of Login Credentials for Use with Multiple Resources
How to Add Login Credentials for Custom Applications
Overview

The Application Vault allows you to store application-specific passwords so the NOC team can monitor and troubleshoot your servers and applications.

Six pre-defined applications are available for configuring devices and entering passwords.

Active Directory Monitoring
Blackberry / Exchange
Citrix / Terminal Server
Exchange
V-Center
VMware ESX/ESXi

Note: You must download the Desktop and/or Server agents prior to adding passwords for Pre-Defined or Custom applications.

How to Add Login Credentials for Pre-Defined Applications

To create login credentials for Pre-defined applications, follow these steps:

Navigate to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM, select a site and click on the Passwords tab.
Expand Pre-defined Application Passwords to expand the list of available options.

Select an application from the list to launch the Resource Name window. Application names are displayed in different colors based on whether available resources have application credentials configured or not. For application names that display in blue (indicating that one or more resources have already had credentials configured for this application), click directly on the application name to add credentials for additional resources. For application names that display in black (indicating that no credentials have been configured for this application), select the check box next to the application name. This activates the Configure tab. Then, click on the Configure button.
This launches the Resource Name window. Select a resource and fill in its corresponding Username and Password fields to create resource-specific login credentials.
The steps to select an application from the list and open the Resource Name window vary slightly depending on whether any devices have been configured for that application. The corresponding number that appears in the Configured Servers/Devices column determines how application names are displayed.

If the corresponding number in this column is 0: For applications that appear in black, select the application checkbox (middle screenshot) to activate the Configure button (arrow). Then, click on the Configure button to open the Resource Name window (far right).

If the number in this column is 1 or above: For applications that appear in blue, click directly on the application name to open the Resource Name window.

With the Resource Name window open, select a Resource and enter the corresponding Manager login credentials in the User Name, Password, and Confirm Password fields.

Click Save to store your credentials.
Configuring One Set of Login Credentials for Use with Multiple Resources

You might have a set of login credentials that applies to more than one Workstation. To configure one set of login credentials for multiple resources, follow these steps:

Select the checkbox for each resource you want to configure. This activates the Set Multiple button.
Click on the Set Multiple button. 

Enter the Manager login credentials.

Click Ok to apply these credentials to the selected resources.
How to Add Login Credentials for Custom Applications

In addition to Pre-defined applications, you can also add login credentials for custom applications. The process for adding login credentials for Custom Applications is virtually identical

To add a custom application and configure Resource login credentials, follow these steps:

Browse to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > Site Name and click on the Passwords tab.
Click on the arrow next to Custom Application Passwords to expand the list of available options.
Select an application from the list to activate the Configure button.

 Enter Manager login credentials for that application on selected Resources.

Browse to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > Site Name and click on the Passwords tab.
Expand the Custom Application Passwords section to view the list of available options.
Click on the New tab to add a new custom application.
On the next screen, give your application a name in the Application Name field.
Select any resources from the available list that you want your custom application to run on.
Enter the appropriate login credentials (be sure to only enter administrative account login credentials) and then click Save to store these credentials.
If the resources are using the same credentials, you can select those resources and click Set Multiple to duplicate the credential information on the other resources.
Click Save to store your passwords.
In addition, you can add Global configuration for any resource by clicking Global Configure - Pre Defined Applications or Global Configure - Custom Applications, which has higher precedence and overwrites any existing configurations done at the individual Application level.
Lights Out Management Passwords Access Control Groups
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Server and Desktop Passwords
How to Change a Server Password
Lights Out Management Passwords
Access Control Groups
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.