Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Secure Information Store   Passwords Tab   Custom Passwords and Properties
Custom Passwords and Properties
Last updated
Jul 7, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Creating Custom Passwords and Properties Entries
Guidelines for MSP to create Office 365 / Azure MFA Account
Before the Help Desk can start using the account please do the following:
Defining Custom Properties for an entry
Deleting a Custom Property
Editing a Custom Passwords & Properties entry
Displaying a password
Changing an existing password
Delete an Entry
Overview

Custom Passwords and Properties provides a secure location for you to store passwords and properties for hosted applications (like Office 365), printers, and other network devices. Rather than adding this information in the Reference tab, which is not designed to securely store credentials, Continuum strongly recommends storing this information in the Custom Passwords & Properties section of the Passwords tab.

Creating Custom Passwords and Properties Entries
To create a Custom Passwords and Properties entry, follow these steps:
Log in to the Asio platform and navigate to Settings > Setup > RMM > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > select your site.
Click on the Passwords tab.
Expand the Custom Passwords & Properties section.
Click on the New button. This launches the New Entry window.

In the New Entry window, enter information for:

Name: Name of the application or device you want to store credentials for
Type: Hosted App, Office 365, etc.
Important: Make sure to enter Office 365 Accounts that have been set up for multi-factor authentication as Office 365 MFA.
User Name: User name
Password: Enter the associated password for the application or device. Enter it a second time to confirm it.
Guidelines for MSP to create Office 365 / Azure MFA Account

Create an Office 365 / Azure MFA user account using the first five characters of the partner name followed by the first five characters of the site code. Finally, add "@domain.com” to the end of the account name. There should be one account per site.

Example: If the Partner Name is ABCDEFG and the Site Code is TUVWXYZ then the user account is abcde-tuvwx@domain.com

Before the Help Desk can start using the account please do the following:
Please do not activate MFA under the account you created for the Help Desk. The Help Desk has to perform this function.
Please ensure this account is set as a Global Admin in Office365, or the Help Desk is not able to enable MFA for the account.
Please email the account user name to mfa_account_creation@connectwise.com to allow the Help Desk to finish setting up MFA for that account and to confirm that we are able to log in.
Defining Custom Properties for an entry

Custom Properties allow you to add any additional information (URL, IP address, or security key, for example) you want to associate with an entry. Follow these steps to create a Custom Property:

Expand the Define Custom Properties section.
Enter a name in the Property field to identify the property.
Give the property a value in the Value field.
Click Add Property to add it to the entry.
Add any additional properties as necessary. Up to five custom properties are available per entry.

Click Save to save your changes and add the properties to the entry.

Note: Custom properties you define become automatic defaults for all subsequent entries of the same Type. When you create a new entry and select an existing Type, any properties previously added to that Type are added automatically.


Deleting a Custom Property

Click on the entry name to launch the Edit Entry window. Click on the X box to delete the property.

Editing a Custom Passwords & Properties entry

Click on the entry name in the Name column to launch the Edit Entry window.

Displaying a password

To display a password, click on the entry name and select the Display Password checkbox. The password displays in the Current Password field.

Changing an existing password
Click on the entry name and select the Change Password checkbox.
Enter a new password in the Password field. Confirm it in the Confirm Password field.

Click Save.
Delete an Entry
Hover over the entry row to highlight it.
Click on the row to activate the Delete button.
Click Delete to delete the entry.

Access Control Groups Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Server and Desktop Passwords
How to Change a Server Password
Lights Out Management Passwords
Pre-Defined and Custom Application Passwords
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.