Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Tech Advantage   Server Projects
Server Projects
Last updated
Oct 1, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Creating a Server Project      
Overview

Tech Advantage Server Projects allow you to leverage the ConnectWise NOC’s expertise and manpower to perform time-consuming tasks usually during off-hours. To see the list of projects available, visit Tech Advantage Project List.

Creating a Server Project
Go to Settings > Account Administration > Products & Services > Tech Advantage > Server Projects.
Click Create Server Project.

Complete the fields described below.

1 - Project Overview	Contains a summary and description of the project and the site for the planned work. The Project Type field lists current project offerings, and the Number of Users/Devices is required for project selection.
2 - Partner Contact	The Partner Contact section is for your contact information.
3 through 6                          	Sections vary depending on the Project Type selected. For example, an Exchange Server Migration requires source and destination server details, but a VMware vCenter installation and configuration requires server and VMware vCenter management machine network information. Required fields are marked with an asterisk; however, the more information provided, the better the outcome.
7 - Schedule	In the Schedule section, indicate the start date for the NOC to review this project.
8 - Confirmation                                  	The Confirmation section specifies if you are a Microsoft Certified Partner and requires you to agree to project invoicing.
Click Submit to continue. Fn acknowledgment window briefly appears.

For services completed, fees show on next month’s invoice. Invoices are created during the first week of the month for the previous month.

Note: You have fifteen days to review after the NOC has completed a project. During that time, you can send the request back to the NOC if you believe the project is not fully completed.
Project List Server Projects Best Practices
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Project List
Desktop Projects
Desktop Projects: Tips and Best Practices
Server Projects Best Practices
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.