Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Tickets   Best Practices for Going Green
Best Practices for Going Green
Last updated
Jul 3, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Address the issues and close tickets if they are out of date.
Overview

Are you looking to impress a client with a solid green dashboard?

Do you want to assure your management that problems are under control when you are on the job?

Regardless of your reasons for wanting to go green, we will help you get there. But first, we recommend you go green the correct way.

Address the issues and close tickets if they are out of date.

Here are some other tools that can help you go green:

Clean-up your tickets: We have added a new wizard to help you close tickets in bulk. Navigate to Service Delivery > Tickets (Legacy) > Ticket Clean-up. You can close tickets for a particular site or device and/or before a specific date. This feature is available to you regardless of your ticketing vendor (ConnectWise, Autotask etc). MSP’s using PSA can use this feature to close tickets in bulk when troubleshooting sync issues.

In addition to Ticket Clean-up, you can also Suppress, Suspend or Hide the alerts:

Suppress the alert/ticket: Suppressing an alert permanently stops the alert and changes the alert icon to green. Existing alerts remain Red but new alerts will display as Green. Why would you want to do that? Perhaps your company has an older version of MS Exchange installed but everyone is now using Google Mail. You can suppress the Exchange alert messages permanently. Ultimately you will want to uninstall Exchange and close the tickets but until you do so, you can suppress the alerts.
Suspend the alert/ticket: Suspending stops new alerts temporarily and changes the alert icon to green. Existing alerts remain Red but new alerts will display as Green until the suspension expires. Why would you want to do that? As an example: perhaps you are going onsite to perform maintenance to an application that may cause interruptions. Because the application may cause alerts stating that the services/processes are stopping and starting, you do not want to continue receiving alerts. If you suspend the alert before you start your maintenance, you will not receive messages telling you what you already know: that the application is experiencing fluctuations. You can restart the alerts when the application maintenance is complete.
Go Green - Hide the alert: Hiding the alert literally hides a NOC Managed Alert from view. The Quick Access tab will not show that the alerts are raised and the alert icon will remain Green. When an alert is hidden, tickets are not created and notifications are not made until you un-hide the alert. The hide option will only hide the existing alert. If that alert is closed (because the issue was resolved) and later a new alert is created because the issue has reoccurred, a new alert will be created and will show up as Red in Quick Access. The options to Suppress, Suspend or Hide an alert can be found in the Quick Access tab. Click on the alerts icon and then select NOC Defined & Managed Alerts.

Note: The Suppress and Suspend features only work with NOC Defined & Managed Alerts. They do not work with Partner Defined and Managed Alerts. Click on the Alert ID. The options to Suppress or Suspend monitoring are located in the Alert Details section. The Hide option is located in the Alert Configuration Status drop-down box.

Tickets Service Plans and Ticket Lifecycles
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Plans and Ticket Lifecycles
The lifecycle of a ticket depends on the subscribed service plan of the site generating an alert. Service plans and their respective ticket lifecycles...
Create a Ticket
To create a new ticket, click the Tickets tab in the Asio™ Platform (ITSupport Portal) and select New Ticket from the top of the navigation bar on the...
Edit a Ticket
To edit a ticket, browse to the ticket queue on the left navigation bar and select an appropriate container.
Work Status Update
A work status update is exactly what it implies: an update to a ticket's status.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.