Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Tickets   Close a Ticket
Close a Ticket
Last updated
Jul 3, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Overview

To close a ticket, right-click and select Quick Close (note that right-clicking a ticket selects it via the check box). To close multiple tickets, select all the tickets to close, right-click any of them, and select Quick Close.

An alternate method to close tickets is to select multiple tickets, right-click, and choose Work on Multiple Tickets. A new window opens containing only the tickets selected. Click a ticket number on the left to display the ticket details, then close the ticket by selecting Closed from the Status drop-down menu.

Select the Close Reference Ticket check box to close all reference tickets. Click Submit to open the Problem and Resolution window, a client-friendly summary of the ticket.

The Problem and Resolution page consists of the following fields:

Problem: Enter a problem description.
Resolution: Enter a resolution description.
Time Block: Enter the number of time blocks worked in the Time Block field. Time blocks were set up during site configuration. Next to the Time Block field is a legend showing the time block equivalent in minutes.
Work Time: Select the time worked on the ticket.
Onsite: Select Yes if the ticket requires on-site work.
Report this in Executive Report: Select Yes to include this ticket in the monthly Executive Report.

Click Submit when you are done.

Important: In the ticketing system, a ticket is closed after 30 days of inactivity. To access a report on these tickets, navigate to Service Delivery > Tickets (Legacy) > Report > Tickets closed due to inactivity > 30 days.

Work Status Update Quick-Close a Ticket
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Best Practices for Going Green
Are you looking to impress a client with a solid green dashboard? Regardless of your reasons for wanting to go green, we will help you get there. But ...
Service Plans and Ticket Lifecycles
The lifecycle of a ticket depends on the subscribed service plan of the site generating an alert. Service plans and their respective ticket lifecycles...
Create a Ticket
To create a new ticket, click the Tickets tab in the Asio™ Platform (ITSupport Portal) and select New Ticket from the top of the navigation bar on the...
Edit a Ticket
To edit a ticket, browse to the ticket queue on the left navigation bar and select an appropriate container.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.