Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
 ConnectWise RMM   Tickets   Ticketing Reporting
Ticketing Reporting
Last updated
Jul 3, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Ticket List
Ticket Closed from > 30 days Inactivity
Overview

Several reporting resources in the Service Delivery > Tickets (Legacy) > Report, help to monitor and manage ticket and alert data, including:

Ticket List
Ticket closed from inactivity > 30 days
Ticket List

The Ticket List displays all tickets for the specified date range, sites, machines, creator, and status. Once the list is generated, filter tickets by any of the columns provided and export to Excel as needed.

Unlike the Ticket Summary Report, the Ticket List allows you to update ticket details. Right-click the ticket ID to open a quick-editing menu, or left-click to view ticket details, update ticket status, and send ticket notifications.

Ticket Closed from > 30 days Inactivity

The Ticket closed list displays all tickets for the specified date range, sites, and machines older than 30 days closed by the system because of inactivity. Once the list is generated, filter tickets by any of the columns provided and export to Excel as needed.

Left-click the ticket ID to view ticket details.

Ticket Clean-Up Ticket Queue
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Best Practices for Going Green
Are you looking to impress a client with a solid green dashboard? Regardless of your reasons for wanting to go green, we will help you get there. But ...
Service Plans and Ticket Lifecycles
The lifecycle of a ticket depends on the subscribed service plan of the site generating an alert. Service plans and their respective ticket lifecycles...
Create a Ticket
To create a new ticket, click the Tickets tab in the Asio™ Platform (ITSupport Portal) and select New Ticket from the top of the navigation bar on the...
Edit a Ticket
To edit a ticket, browse to the ticket queue on the left navigation bar and select an appropriate container.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.