Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Getting Started with ConnectWise RMM   Creating Notification Rules
Creating Notification Rules
Last updated
Oct 1, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Notification Rules
Set up Notification Rules for a Site
Proceed to Asio Platform and ConnectWise RMM Setup: Creating Companies and Sites.
Overview

After adding your Users to ConnectWise Home, you must set up Notification Rules in the Asio™ platform before continuing.

To locate this screen, navigate to Settings > Setup > RMM > Notification Rules.

Notification Rules

Notification Rules specify how you would like the RMM to handle alerts received from your endpoints based on criticality, service level, and date/time. Rules must be set up for an entire week. The Notifications window displays the agent’s service level, site count, created by date/time/user, and modified by date/time/user details.

Note: We have created a default notification template with the following name: “RMM—Ticket Only.” You can edit or modify the template as needed or create a new template based on your requirements.

Set up Notification Rules for a Site
Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > Notification Rules > New and select the appropriate Notification type (in this case, RMM).

Enter an informative, easily understood Name for your notification rule (such “8-5 Calls Only,” “24/7 Calls,” or “On-Call Weekends”), verify the selected Service Level is correct, and choose the appropriate Time Zone for the notification rule.

Note: The time zone selected is used when the NOC contacts you and does not have to match the time zone at the assigned site. For example, if your client is in Indiana (Eastern time), but your office is located in Illinois (Central time), select Central time zone for the notification. Alerts follow the Central time zone block.

To create an 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM notification time block, click the 8:00 AM cell in the table, enter an end time under Time Slot Details on the right, and specify how and to whom the NOC should send alerts for each issue during that block. Use the green + icon to select a technician for notification.

Suggested settings for working hours:

Server/Internet Down: "Call Immediately"
Critical Impact Alerts: "Start documented fix and call immediately to inform"
Critical Non-Impact: For fewer calls, set to "Start documented fix and place a phone call if issue is not resolved in 2 hours" or "Ticket Only"
Others: Ticket Only

Suggested settings for non-working hours:

Server/Internet Down: "Call in the next time slot"
Critical Impact Alerts: "Start documented fix and place phone call in next time slot"
Critical Non-Impact: "Start documented fix and place phone call in next time slot"
Others: Ticket Only

If an issue occurs, the NOC begins contacting individuals in the listed order based on the action specified (i.e. Call Immediately, Wait 30 minutes and call, etc.) until they reach someone. Alerts are always emailed to all individuals listed in the email contact list. To change the order of escalation, use the up and down arrows above the contact box.

Note: Enabling a PSA integration disables email notifications through Notification Rules.

Note on Texts: If you select to receive an SMS text message in place of a phone call (in Admin> Manage Users > [select user] > Text is preferred phone contact method), you are notified immediately by text for all server/Internet down or critical impact alerts even if you have selected the “Wait 30 minutes and call” or “Call in the next time slot” option.

Click Apply to finish configuring the notification details for the time block.
Duplicate the block across other days with the same notification protocol by clicking the green box in the new block and selecting the appropriate days.
Create time blocks for all other non-working hours, such as After Hours and Before Hours blocks.

Note: For the Notification Rule to be saved, every hour of every day must have assigned settings.

After all time blocks have been assigned notification settings, click Save to finish.

From the Notifications page, you can select an existing rule and click on the time slot to edit, delete, or replace contact details.

Proceed to Asio Platform and ConnectWise RMM Setup: Creating Companies and Sites.
Creating Users Create Client Sites
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Creating Users
Create Client Sites
Installing Asio Agents
This article provides information and instructions about how to download and install an agent on your device.
ScreenConnect Integration with ConnectWise RMM
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.