Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Getting Started with ConnectWise RMM   Configuring Reboot Schedules
Configuring Reboot Schedules
Last updated
Oct 1, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Create a Reboot Schedule 
Set NOC Access
Overview

Complete these steps to set up NOC access for your entire site or for specific resources. First, you'll need to create a reboot schedule. 

Create a Reboot Schedule 
Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > Reboot Schedules > New.
Configure time blocks for the Reboot time tab (after-hours recommended). By scheduling reboot times as recommended here, the NOC can more efficiently work through issues for you while minimally impacting your productive work hours.

Only one time block range can be configured and applied to days in the Reboot time tab. When you add a new time block to a schedule, it replaces any existing time blocks.

Note: If you want your time block to span multiple days (For example, from 8pm of one day to 5pm of the next day), you must assign it to all days of the week. A time block range that spans from 8pm Thursday to 5pm Friday is not supported. However, a time block range of 8pm - 5pm assigned to all days of the week is supported.

Set NOC Access

To set NOC access for your entire site or specific resources:

Go to Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > NOC Access.
Select to Enable or Disable NOC Services.
Create Client Sites Creating Companies and Sites in the Asio Platform
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Creating Users
Creating Notification Rules
Create Client Sites
Installing Asio Agents
This article provides information and instructions about how to download and install an agent on your device.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.