Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   Activating Help Desk   Confirm Completion and Set Client Expectations - Help Desk
 Expand/collapse global location
Confirm Completion and Set Client Expectations - Help Desk
Last updated
Aug 27, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Email ConnectWise to Confirm Activation
Manage Client Expectations
Maintaining your Sites
Help Desk Resources
Deactivating Help Desk
Contacting the Help Desk
Overview

Once you have completed all necessary steps for activation, be sure your team conducts an internal review and verification of all information, then follow the steps outlined below to schedule go-live, set and manage client expectations, train users, and plan continued maintenance.

Email ConnectWise to Confirm Activation

After you complete the activation requirements outlined in sections 1-4, email the Help Desk at HDActivation@connectwise.com. The team will verify your information and set up the account. If anything is incomplete or the team has any questions, they will contact you directly.

When the requirements are completed fully and correctly, the verification process is complete. The Help Desk Service will email you to confirm a go-live date.

Manage Client Expectations

Once you have completed activation and go-live with the Help Desk, you will receive an email with details and contact information to share with your clients. You can also visit the How to Contact the Help Desk section under Statement of Work for complete Help Desk contact procedures. Schedule a training or a lunch-and-learn and be sure to provide your clients with this contact information as well as with the hours of operation, scope of service (based on your coverage option), and all procedures for contacting the Help Desk Service. Let your clients know what to expect when they call the Help Desk. Calls will be identified by caller ID, appropriately routed, and answered with your company name. See Client Requests and Call Backs for more specific details on how the Help Desk handles client requests.

Maintaining your Sites

Continue to implement processes that ensure your own continued Help Desk success. An ongoing review and maintenance process can contribute to long-term satisfaction. In IT, equipment is frequently upgraded, new applications are installed, and employees turnover. Take time to review and update the documentation used to support your sites and systems to decrease the number of escalations. Identify a resource at your company who will champion the Help Desk, educating others and managing references and documentation.

In addition, plan to conduct quarterly or monthly meetings with your clients to review the service they receive from both your team and the Help Desk. Identify outstanding support issues, help schedule client follow-ups, and verify the latest client profile details with HR.

Constantly reviewing this information and updating documentation for your sites will increase first-call resolution rates, and continued minimal investment will yield positive long-term success.

Help Desk Resources

Visit the portal often for the most current brandable materials.

Deactivating Help Desk

To opt out of Help Desk support at any time, go to RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Product Options > Help Desk Options > Coverage. Select No Coverage to end Help Desk support and billing for the client site. All previous site information will be saved should you opt to re-activate later.

Contacting the Help Desk

Partners needing to reach the Help Desk should follow the steps outlined in Help Desk Partner Contact Procedures.

Provide Help Desk Information - Help Desk Add Required Documentation and Credentials - Help Desk
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Select Help Desk Product Options - Help Desk
Create a Help Desk Notification Rule - Help Desk
Provide Help Desk Information - Help Desk
Add Required Documentation and Credentials - Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.