Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   Activating Help Desk   Add Required Documentation and Credentials - Help Desk
 Expand/collapse global location
Add Required Documentation and Credentials - Help Desk
Last updated
Apr 24, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Overview of Required Information
Passwords
Enable Automatic Credentials
Add Credentials
To create a server password account
Network Info
Network Info Settings
Add Required Network Information
Network Information Required by Help Desk Services
Review all Network Details
References
Help Desk Reference Template Creation
Creating References
Reference Tag Examples
When adding reference documents, remember to:
Additional Reference Examples
Common Reference Examples
Known Error/Troubleshooting
How To/General Information
Other References
Overview

Various client information is required for the Help Desk to go live for a site. Below is an overview of the information necessary to provide professional, certified support for your clients. Supplying all this information up-front helps enable the ConnectWise Help Desk Services to offer quick response times, a high quality of service, and expert problem resolution. 

Note: Each site and configuration has unique requirements. By providing comprehensive details about your specific sites and needs, you can minimize escalations and help ensure that ConnectWise Help Desk Services deliver superior support to your clients. 

Overview of Required Information
Required Information	Location


Basic site information, client contact details, and protocol for authentication and security-related requests.

	Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM > Select a Site > Help Desk tab


Desktop, server, and any other passwords needed to access customer systems.

	Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM > Select a Site > Sites Using RMM > Passwords tab


Network information for all supported devices and processes.

	Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM > Select a Site > Network Info tab


Additional documents containing relevant network and device information.

	Settings > Account Admin > Reference
Passwords

The site-level Passwords tab enables creation and storage of passwords that allow the NOC and Help Desk to access client machines for troubleshooting and other support.

Note: The Passwords tab must be kept up to date.

Types of passwords include:

Servers
Desktops
Lights Out Management
Pre-Defined and Custom Applications
Custom Passwords & Properties (i.e. email, QuickBooks, etc.)
vPro

The Passwords tab also lets you configure Access Control groups and store vault encryption passphrases for retrieval.

The Server Passwords section can only be completed for sites with installed server agents. For workgroup sites, a common local administrator account must be documented with Desktop Passwords. For all third-party application credentials and any other credentials, use Custom Passwords & Properties.

Enable Automatic Credentials

Enabling automatic credentials is a fast and easy addition way to provide additional methods of access to the Help Desk and NOC. This should not be an alternative to providing static credentials. The process allows credentials to be system-generated securely and as needed for NOC and Help Desk access to client servers and desktops without the need to define or update upfront. Automatic credentials are added and managed in the NOC / HD Access site-level tab.

If automatic credentials are not enabled, create server and desktop accounts as described below.


Add Credentials

Once the server agent is installed, you can enter Domain or Local Account credentials for servers on accounts with administrative privileges. After credentials are entered into the Password Tab, a command is sent to a respective server agent to reset to a 12-character alpha-numeric password. You can also set the password to never change (static) or to change weekly and within 15 minutes of a remote control session to the server (dynamic).

When the NOC or ConnectWise Help Desk service requests a password from the Password Tab, they must log in within three minutes or the password is changed again. Passwords cannot be personally stored or shared.

If you change a server password, you must enter the new password in the ConnectWise Asio™ Platform (IT Support Portal). Our monitoring agent requires the updated password to sync with the server and be changed dynamically.

To create a server password account
Go to RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM  > [site name] > Passwords > Server Passwords > New.
For Account Type, select Domain Account or Local Account.
Local Account: For a local account, select each of the configured servers from the resource list. This account can be set up and assigned to multiple servers if all have the same local account for administrator access. If separate local accounts are used, create an entry for each local account with administrative role privileges and assign it to the appropriate server.
Domain Account: When configuring a domain account, select the primary domain controller from the resource list. This account should be set up and assigned to the primary domain controller at the site. The domain account should have administrative role privileges and will be used to access all servers at the site.

Important: Do not store your primary domain administrator credentials in the Password Tab. In addition, do not add  accounts used for logon scripts, running services, executing scripts, or other automated tasks.

Enter the Domain Name, required credentials, and a short description for this account in the respective fields. Include additional information in the Remarks section as necessary.

Note: A fully qualified domain name (FQDN) must be entered for dynamic domain credentials to function properly.

ConnectWise Asio™ platform (IT Support Portal) passwords are stored in the Password Tab and Off Hours Desktop Maintenance. Checking the Applicable to Desktop Maintenance box links the account so the same credentials can be used for Off Hours Desktop Maintenance as well as for Tech Advantage.

Note: If you have separately configured access passwords for Off-Hours Desktop Maintenance, this credential will be used by the NOC and will have a higher precedence over the Password Vault Domain Account.

Select whether you want the password to be Dynamic or Static.
Dynamic: (Strongly recommended for optimal security) The password entered will be changed each time it is used then every seven days after or until used again.

Dynamic Password Prerequisites

Minimum Password Age/Minimum Password Length: For the Windows Password Policy, set the Minimum Password Age to 0 days and the Minimum Password Length to 12 characters. The password will be dynamically updated.

The usernames Administrator, besadmin, root, and backupagent cannot be used when creating dynamic passwords. 
The username entered must not be associated with any services or tasks scheduled on the server to avoid creating a username conflict that prevents the password from being dynamically changed.
The domain name entered for the site must be the NetBios domain name.
The user entered in the password vault should have access privileges to log on locally to the domain controller.
The ConnectWise Asio Platform (IT Support Portal) must not contain multiple domain entries for the same username and resource (not applicable to automated password accounts). 
The username entered must be a member of the domain/local administrator group.
The user password on the server and the password on the ConnectWise Asio Platform (IT Support Portal) must be the same and should be updated accordingly (not applicable to automated password accounts). 

Dynamic passwords change automatically; static passwords do not change automatically. Passwords can be viewed through Quick Access > Secure Information Store.

Note: Be sure to prevent passwords from expiring; otherwise, the NOC will be blocked from your accounts. For dynamic passwords, we recommend setting the domain controller password to never expire since the dynamic-password process is sufficiently secure. For static passwords, we recommend creating a schedule to update passwords as needed on a regular basis.

Select the resources this account applies to from the Resource drop-down list.
If you want the NOC and Help Desk to have access to this user account and password, click the checkbox for Back office access allowed.
Click Save to apply your changes.

Network Info

Provide Help Desk technicians with quick access to important network details, such as devices, email, firewall, backup software, etc. Most of this information can be obtained from the Network Assessment Tool, which lets you scan a network's infrastructure and display the results in an easy-to-read report you can use to complete Network Info and Reference requirements.

To locate the Network Info tab:

Navigate to Settings > Setup > RMM and select a Site Name.
Click the Network Info tab.

Note: If you want the ConnectWise Help Desk to support a device, software, or process, you must provide information about that resource.

Network Info Settings

Before adding network details on the Network Info tab:

Click the Settings button.

Select the Help Desk checkbox under Access Control.
Click Save for access to the Help Desk Network Information Form. You can also enable access for other admins and users as needed.
Add Required Network Information

Add network information by expanding the panels and sub-panels as needed, and click Add for each category. Be sure to complete all network details as fully and clearly as possible for all devices and processes at the site. Detailed information enables the ConnectWise Help Desk Services to quickly and easily resolve your client's issues.

Note: Credentials should never be added to Reference documents; add credentials in the site-level Passwords tab > Custom Passwords & Properties.
Network Information Required by Help Desk Services

In the Network Information tab, click Add to provide all applicable network information listed in the table below. For any unsupported network system or device, include Not Applicable or Not Managed to prevent any follow-up delays. After you have added the details, click Save for each entry.

Note: Some network details require additional information that can be added using the Add Reference button in the Network Detail Panel (defined below). This step adds a Reference document that also links to Account Administration > Reference.

Subject	

Description


Security	

Antivirus server network information includes the login, server name, uninstall login information, vendor, and version.

Firewall details include the firewall name, model, version, IP address, and access username. This information is useful when troubleshooting internet and website access issues. For more information, refer to the Scope of Service.




Email 

	

Email information for on-premise email services, including Exchange, email clients, hosted email services, IP addresses, and client connectivity protocols. Provide any supplementary spam filters used in addition to those provided by Exchange or hosted email.




Software > Microsoft/Office 365

	

Office configuration details such as the product type, subscription plan, and any approvers required for software installation, individual licenses, or Microsoft 365 deployments.




Software > Other Licensed Software

	

Line-of-Business Application or any application critical for the client's daily function, excluding Microsoft Office or accounting software.




Software > Accounting/Bookkeeping Application Information

	

Any accounting and line-of-business applications in use at the site (commonly QuickBooks or Sage). For Microsoft Office, use the Network Information tab in the Asio platform.




Devices > Network Drives

	Provide paths, common names, and letters for each network share.


Devices > Printers

	Provide entries for each local and network printer including addresses, common names, and preferred driver (if possible)


Virtual Private Network (VPN) Setup and Configuration

	Provide a reference for each type of VPN, including setup, user management information, and other key details.


Network > Router Information

	

Useful when troubleshooting internet and website access issues. See Scope of Service for more information. The Help Desk escalates the ticket for approval before restarting.




Network > Wireless Information

	

Use a separate reference for each network configuration. Details include WAP (IP/URL), SSID, and physical location.




Remote Access 

	

Details for Desktop Support (RDS,) Citrix, and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Connections. Use a separate reference for each.




Endpoint Protection Information

	

Use References for any endpoint protection programs deployed to the site that are not part of the Agent/non-Webroot.


New User / Unique User Requests	Provide separate references for user onboarding and user terminations.
Email > Client Connectivity 	If applicable, select the checkbox for Mobile Device Management (MDM). Provide details on any monitoring service that manages mobile device email (such as MobileIron).
Sites with Multiple Locations	Add references if a client has multiple locations under one site, or if a client is split across multiple sites.


Software > Unlicensed Software Approvals

	

If pre-approval is provided, the Help Desk can install unlicensed or free/open-source software, eliminating the need for approval calls or emails.

Pre-authorize installation or updates for any software not requiring a license or key. Software entries in this section can be added, removed, or adjusted as needed. For each, indicate: Install, Call Approver, or Never if required.


Third-Party Contact Information	Contact information that Help Desk Services can provide to the end user for third-party products or services.

 

Review all Network Details

After you have completed the required network information, you can review all details in three ways:

Expand All: Shows details but obscures any passwords.
View Details: Shows all details, including passwords.
Export: Exports details to an Excel spreadsheet, excluding passwords.

References

Reference documents provide the Help Desk with additional network details and other miscellaneous information required to troubleshoot or inform your users. Writing high-quality reference documents and keeping the files up-to-date is critical for successful Help Desk implementation. References are free-text fields, allowing you to be as descriptive as necessary. A properly detailed reference can limit escalations and save your end users time. In general, references should follow a similar format/style so technicians can quickly browse them while on a call.

Help Desk Reference Template Creation

To maximize success when creating reference documents, include the following information as applicable:

Subject (required): Define the specific issue and applications involved, but be short enough for the technician to understand at a glance. For example: Sitename – Issue – Application or Vox login issues (not Vox or What to do when users at this site cannot log in to Vox).

Tags: Try to tag each reference with at least one subject that best matches the reference. Failure to tag a reference or failure to tag properly could result in technicians missing a vital reference.

Assign To (required): Include the specific site or site names.

Body: Include as much of the information defined below as possible, and avoid using multiple fonts, styles, or unusual spacing. Technicians read references more quickly and easily if the text is uniform, so use one font size with regular and bold text for headings or key information.

Type: Detail the application, device, and/or issue.
Expected Duration: Include the expected troubleshooting timeline, such as 10-20 minutes, to help the tech set the right expectations with the client.
Symptoms: Provide a list of symptoms a client would report related to this fix. Include all applicable symptoms (create a new reference for varying issues, such as Outlook applications that have different symptoms and fixes).
Troubleshooting Steps: Offer any troubleshooting instructions the tech would need to complete. Put the instructions in order and include any relevant links, resource names, drive information, etc.
T4 Escalation Instructions: Follow the assigned notification template and include additional notes if required. Use the Call Before Escalating option where possible (recommended).
Third-Party Escalation Instructions: Ask the client to Contact XYZ and close ticket for all escalation requests. Refer the client to anyone applicable and notify T4 via a ticket if all steps are completed.

Note: Do NOT include previous ticket numbers in the reference body. Tickets are archived, so Help Desk technicians are not able to view previous ticket details. To reference an action from a previous ticket, copy and paste the information into the new Reference.

Creating References

You can create a reference document from multiple locations in the ITSupport Portal. In the Help Desk tab, you have the option to create or link a reference document associated with Security Related requests. In the Network Info tab, you can create a reference document for each Network Info category. You can also create a general reference document from the Admin tab:

Go to Admin > Reference.

Note: All reference documents created throughout the portal are located here.

Click New to add a new file.
Enter a subject and assign access rights to the Help Desk.
Be sure to select all applicable tags. Tags are used by Help Desk technicians to search for relevant information. Tags also allow you to link reference documents to corresponding Network Info categories.
Assign the document to a single site or to multiple sites (i.e. to assign a standard firewall to all sites). You also can choose Assign to New Sites to apply a reference to all sites by default going forward.

Enter relevant information, including screenshots and hyperlinks.

Click Save.

 

Reference Tag Examples

Again, you can also use the Add Reference option to associate reference documents with specific network details at the site level under the Network Info tab. The reference form is always the same; applicable location tags are simply added here.

To add a reference document within this tab:

Go to RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Network Info
Open the panel and sub-panel of the relevant categories and click Add Reference.
Select from the following options:
Create new document to open a new Reference window and create the reference document.
Copy existing document to open a list of existing reference documents and select one to assign to a site.
Tag existing document to open a list of existing reference documents and tag or link documents to that specific network detail.
Click Save to finish.

When adding reference documents, remember to:
Create a New file for each reference item.
Select Help Desk under Access Rights for each reference so the Help Desk can view the notes.
Add reference Tags when possible and Assign the reference to the site or sites being activated.
Avoid storing credentials and personal information in reference documents; always use the  Passwords tab.
Additional Reference Examples

At the very least, supply the following reference documents for each site:

Terminal Servers: Terminal server name, specific setup instructions, other documentation.
Network Troubleshooting – Down Devices: Point-of-contact for down devices, troubleshooting steps to restore connectivity.
Network Troubleshooting – Power Cycle: List devices that may be power-cycled by the client.
Third-Party Application Name – Common Issues: List the three most common issues users face with specific applications and include steps to resolve.
Common Reference Examples

Below are descriptions of various reference types to use as best practice guidelines when creating references.

Known Error/Troubleshooting

Known errors are software issues the partner is aware of and site users are likely to see on a regular basis, including known corrections and existing solutions. A good template to follow for known errors includes:

Description: Describe the issue and when users will likely experience it.
Cause: If possible, list the cause of the issue so technicians can investigate as necessary.
Solution: List the steps to resolve the issue in chronological order. If solutions are extensive/confusing, use bullets or numbered lists.
Other solutions: List other possible solutions if available, following the guidelines above.
Resolution: What can technicians expect to happen after the solution steps are completed? Is there feedback for the process?
Follow-up: If follow-up with Tier 4 or Extended Help Desk is suggested, include specific information the technician needs to collect or forward to the appropriate group.


How To/General Information

How-to references include general information technicians need to complete their work, including VPN setup, specific printer information, new user setup, or third-party contact directions to provide end users. A good template to follow for a how to includes:

Description: Provide information on what the reference is about on a general level. Describes what it is, how it is used, by whom it is used, and what it is used for.
Instructions: Provide instructions for technicians to complete when working a ticket related to this reference, such as instructions for installing or configuring software. In cases where solutions are extensive or potentially confusing, use bullets or numbered lists.
Detailed information: Provide specific information the technician needs to complete the task, such as what server to use to complete the work, what user to direct third-party contacts, what AD permissions users should have, etc. If specific information is required from the technician or the user, list that information here, such as Download software from [ServerName].

Other References

Some references do not fit in the templates above. In these cases, a more general template applies and includes:

Description: A basic description of what is needed or provided in this reference.
Specific information: Detailed information for technicians to do their job. Provide as much detail as possible to prevent partner follow up.
Directions: If the information above requires any specific information from the technician or the user, list that information. For example, When escalating to Tier 4, please record the user’s site location and their manager’s name.

Confirm Completion and Set Client Expectations - Help Desk Enabling Automated Tickets from Help Desk Email Requests
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Select Help Desk Product Options - Help Desk
Create a Help Desk Notification Rule - Help Desk
Provide Help Desk Information - Help Desk
Confirm Completion and Set Client Expectations - Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.