Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
Last updated
Oct 30, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Automatic Server Credentials
Prerequisites
Enable Automatic Server Credentials
Disable Automatic Server Credentials
Notes about Enabling and Disabling Automatic Server Credentials
Automatic Desktop Credentials
Prerequisites
Enable Automatic Desktop Credentials
Disable Automatic Desktop Credentials
Add Privileged Access for NOC Services
Overview

As an alternative to adding server and desktop credentials to the site-level Passwords tab you can quickly and easily enable automatic credentials that will be system-generated securely and as needed for access to client machines. Automatic server credentials are used by the NOC and Help Desk Service to troubleshoot server issues, while automatic desktop credentials are used primarily by the Help Desk Service to provide client desktop support. This feature is configured in the site-level NOC / HD Access tab of the Asio™ Platform (ITSupport Portal).

We highly recommend you enable automatic credentials for both servers and desktops for optimal NOC and Help Desk Service support as well as for your own facilitated access to client machines.

Automatic Server Credentials

When you enable the Automatic Server Credentials feature, our system performs a back-end scan that examines the configuration of all servers at all sites that have opted into automatic credentials. Dynamic passwords are then created for domain and local accounts and used by NOC and Help Desk Service technicians to access client servers. Once these accounts are active, a notification email for each affected site is sent to the user who enabled the feature.

After you enable the Automatic Server Credentials feature and apply it across all sites, the setting is applied only to those sites where the current user has access privileges. Therefore, we recommend that the Super Admin enable the Automatic Server Credentials feature to avoid confusion about what sites are active if you plan to enable all sites under your management. See the Notes section for more information.

Prerequisites

Prerequisites for enabling automatic server credentials:

Applies to Windows servers only (automatic credentials for desktops are configured separately).
Requires a domain account where the site has at least one agent installed on a server functioning in any of the following roles:
Primary Domain Controller
Domain Controller
Backup Domain Controller
Requires a local account for standalone servers or workstations.
Requires sites to be on the Elite service level service plan for eligibility.
Requires designated servers to have access to the Admin group on Active Directory to be eligible.
Requires a site be set to NOC Access Level 1-3. Automated credentials will not be created for sites set to NOC Access Level 0.
Requires the Minimum Password Age set to 0 days and the Minimum Password Length to 12 characters as per the Windows Password Policy.
Prevents Administrator, besadmin, root, and backupagent if you enter a custom name in the Username field. Be sure to verify the username entered is not associated with any services or tasks scheduled on the server, which will create a username conflict and prevent the password from being dynamically changed.
Enable Automatic Server Credentials
Go to Settings > RMM Setup > Sites Using RMM > [site name] > Support Access.
Complete the fields under Automatic Server Credentials for NOC and Help Desk as follows:
Automatic Credentials: Select Enable.
Username: By default, this field populates with NOC_HelpDesk and is the preferred name. If desired, replace with a custom name.

Account Status: Indicates the account is In Progress, Partially Created (some resources created and some failed), Created, or Failed. The status may also be Not Qualified if the account does not meet the prerequisites for automatic server credentials.

Apply to all my sites: Applies settings to all qualified sites where the user has access privileges.

Note: Once applied, the username cannot be changed then re-applied to all sites. The username can only be changed on a per-site basis.

Click Save.

Once you click Save, the Automatic Credentials feature is considered In Progress and you cannot change the existing settings. The user who performed the action will receive a notification email when setup is complete (within 30 minutes for endpoints where agents are installed and within two hours for new agents).

Once the email is received and the account creation is complete, the Account Status area is updated to Created and shows an information icon. Click the icon to view account creation details. For any failures or for more details, contact the NOC.

Disable Automatic Server Credentials
Go to Settings > RMM Setup → Sites Using RMM → [site name] → NOC / HD Access.
Under Automatic Server Credentials for NOC and Help Desk, select Disable.
To disable automatic credentials across all your sites, select the Apply to all my Sites check box.
Click Save.
Notes about Enabling and Disabling Automatic Server Credentials
Once Automatic Server Credentials is enabled for a site, it cannot be used as the mechanism for opting-in additional sites.
Accounts will only be created for qualified sites. After account creation completes, the Automatic Server Credentials for NOC and Help Desk section will be grayed out on unqualified sites. If changes are made to an unqualified site to make it qualified, the section will become active and the site can individually enable the feature.
As mentioned in the Automatic Server Credentials section above, after you enable the Apply to all my sites option, the setting is only applied to sites where the user has access privileges. The most efficient way to apply this setting to all sites is for the Super Admin to perform the action.
For example: If a Technician with access to three of 50 sites enables the Apply to all my Sites option, the setting only applies to the three sites where the Technician has access. The Primary Super Admin can apply the setting to all 50 sites.
For Domain accounts, any servers added to a site after Automatic Server Credentials is enabled will automatically have the feature enabled.

For Active Directory accounts, when you use Automatic Server Credentials, the username specified is added to the AD Domain Admin group.

Automatic Desktop Credentials

When you enable the Automatic Desktop Credentials feature, our system performs a back-end scan that examines the configuration of all desktops at all sites opted in to automatic credentials. A local dynamic account named Remote Support is created on each selected machine. Once these accounts are enabled, a notification email for each affected site is sent to the user who enabled the feature.

Prerequisites

Prerequisites for enabling automatic desktop credentials:

Applies only to Mac and Windows desktops (automatic credentials for Windows servers are configured separately).
No machine can have an existing user account named Remote Support, which is reserved for the account used to access client machines.
The Remote Support account and directory should also never be changed to prevent access to client desktops from failing.
The Remote Support account must retain local administrator privileges.
Enable Automatic Desktop Credentials
Go to Settings > RMM Setup → Sites Using RMM → [site name] → NOC/HD Access.
Complete the fields under Automatic Local Admin Desktop Credentials as follows:
Automatic Credentials: Select Enable.
Enable desktop credentials for: Select sites where you want to enable automatic desktop credentials.

Note: Super Admin users can also select Enable future sites to enable automatic desktop credentials by default for sites added later.

Username: Set to Remote Support and cannot change. This username will appear on the client's machine as the account used to access the desktop.
Account Status: Indicates the account is In Progress, Partially Created (some resources created and some failed), Created, or Failed. The status may also be Not Qualified if the account does not meet the above prerequisites.
Click Save.

Once you click Save, the Automatic Desktop Credentials feature is considered In Progress, and you cannot change the existing settings. The user who performed the action will receive a notification email when setup is complete (within 30 minutes for endpoints where agents are installed and within two hours for new agents).

After the notification email is received and the account creation is complete, the Account Status updates to Created and shows an information icon. Click the icon to view account creation details. For any failures or for more details, contact your account team.

Disable Automatic Desktop Credentials
Go to Settings > RMM Setup → Sites Using RMM → [site name] → NOC / HD Access.
Under Automatic Local Admin Desktop Credentials:
To disable automatic credentials for the RMM site selected, select Disable at the top
To disable automatic credentials for any other site but the site currently selected, de-select the boxes from the Enable desktop credentials for drop-down menu.
Click Save.
Add Privileged Access for NOC Services

Consider adding ConnectWise Privileged Access to improve your NOC Services experience. Privileged Access allows NOC Services technicians to access devices, provide just-in-time elevation, and create temporary administrative accounts without additional administrative credentials.

 

 

 

Enabling Automated Tickets from Help Desk Email Requests Enabling Expert Services for PSA Partners
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Help Desk Activation Checklist
Help Desk Best Practices
Help Desk Success Checklist
Use this checklist to help successfully integrate Help Desk to your operations and ensure seamless support for your end users.
Activating Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.