Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   Help Desk   Help Desk Common Acronyms
Help Desk Common Acronyms
Last updated
Oct 8, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Overview

Listed below are common acronyms that our ConnectWise Help Desk Service technicians often use.

Acronym

	

Meaning

	

Description




AC

	

Awaiting Customer

	

Status indicating that the team or support is waiting for the customer to provide information or take action before the issue can be resolved or the process can move forward.




BDR

	

Backup & Disaster Recovery

	

NOC team; refers to the team that supports ConnectWise Data Protection products.




CBE

	

Call Before Escalating

	

Prior to escalating an issue to a higher level of support, a technician should attempt to resolve the problem by contacting the user or customer.




CC

	

Committed Callback

	

Scheduled calls to users in which the user has agreed to be present and available for an outbound call at a given time.




CMD

	

Command Prompt

	

Refers to the Microsoft Command Prompt window or any command ran inside of a Command Prompt window.




CSR

	

Customer Service Representative

	

Representatives responsible for outbound interactions and connecting users with technicians.




DAAS

	

Desktop as a Service

	

Any form of virtual machine where the virtual machine is hosted in the cloud and provided as SAAS.




DM

	

Desk manual

	

A repository of process and policy-related materials that technicians use to guide their work.




EHD

	

Extended Help Desk

	

Non-user-facing tier 1 technicians generally work on long administration tickets or tickets where a user's input is not necessary.




GHD

	

Global Help Desk

	

Technicians working outside of the United States; not used in tickets, but may be mentioned to the Partner




ISP

	

Internet Service Provider

	

Any company providing internet services to a location, technicians are not to reach out to ISPs per the Scope of Service document




ITG

	

IT Glue

	

3rd party documentation API sometimes connected to the Partner Portal to allow Partners to connect their IT Glue to Techview




MFA

	

Multi-factor Authentication

	

Refers to any form of multiple-layer authentication; usually refers to Partner Portal authentication or Office 365 authentication




NCR

	

No Customer Response

	

Process for handling tickets when a user is unable to be reached or is disconnected during a call or chat




NOC

	

Network Operations Center

	

Technicians of various levels who work on product support, network monitoring and management, backup and recovery, and projects; generally do not work directly with the HD.




PC

	

Partner Care

	

Support team specifically dealing with Partner complaints, billing concerns, and Partner questions about the process




PDR

	

Pre-defined replies

	

Prepared responses in the chat console to speed up communication with the user.




PS

	

PowerShell

	

Refers to the Microsoft PowerShell window or any command run inside a PowerShell window.




PS

	

Partner Support

	

Support team specifically dealing with Partner growth, Partner product knowledge, and Partner business expansion.




PSA

	

Professional Services Automation

	

Any form of ticketing system that is not one provided by ConnectWise.




PST

	

Product Support Team

	

NOC team. Refers to the team that supports ConnectWise products that the ConnectWise Help Desk Services encounter.




RDP/RDS

	

Remote Desktop Services

	

Microsoft's built-in remote access software.




RMM

	

Remote Monitoring & Management

	

NOC team; refers to the team that supports RMM and UMM services.




S1

	

SentinelOne

	

Antivirus software offered by ConnectWise through the SOC.




SLA

	

Service Level Agreement

	

The hours when users are able to call or chat in for assistance (Business Hours, After Hours, 24x7).




SLM

	

NOC team

	

NOC team; handles distribution of tickets to the various NOC teams; entry point for all tickets moving from Partners to NOC or from Help Desk Service to NOC.




SOC

	

Security Operations Center

	

Technicians of various levels who work on security products; generally does not work directly with the HD.




SSO

	

Single Sign-on

	

This refers to the login email and authentication set up in ConnectWies Home. It allows the user to access multiple apps across ConnectWise.




SRT

	

Service Request Team

	

NOC team; refers to the team that supports GPO, server monitoring, Office global administration issues, etc.




T1

	

Tier 1 technician

	

Inbound call or chat technician, or an outbound calling technician.




T2

	

Tier 2 technician

	

Higher level technician who receives transfers and escalations within the Help Desk Service.




T3

	

NOC technician

	

Technician from any team at the NOC (or potentially any team at the NOC); non-user facing technicians.




T4

	

Tier 4 technician (the Partner)

	

The company partnered with ConnectWise to offer services to their users.




TV

	

Techview

	

Partner Portal derived store of information used by technicians to assist in working tickets; contains references, network information, credentials, remote access information, and security approval information.




USHD

	

US Help Desk

	

Technicians working inside of the United States




VD/VM

	

Virtual Device/Virtual Machine

	

Any form of virtual machine where the virtual machine is hosted on a server on site




VPN

	

Virtual Private Network

	

Any form of virtual private network; HD will not set up or make adjustments to VPNs without existing documentation about destinations and settings




WR

	

Webroot

	

Antivirus software offered by ConnectWise; does not require SOC

 

Help Desk Chat Help Desk Partner Contact Procedures
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Help Desk Activation Checklist
Help Desk Best Practices
Help Desk Success Checklist
Use this checklist to help successfully integrate Help Desk to your operations and ensure seamless support for your end users.
Activating Help Desk
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.