Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Management   Changing Proxy Settings
Changing Proxy Settings
Last updated
Oct 1, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Change Proxy Settings
Update the Agents
Overview

This document describes how to change proxy settings for the RMM agent. A network proxy, filter, or firewall can prevent direct communication and monitoring between the installed agent and the data center. Supplying a proxy address at the site level allows the agent to route itself accordingly and properly communicate. Ports 80 and 443 are required for the RMM agent to communicate with the data center; these ports must be open for the agent to function properly.

Change Proxy Settings

Note: If you change proxy settings for your server, you must update the Asio™ platform and the downloaded agents.

To change agent proxy settings:

Navigate to Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM.
Select the desired site.
Select the Proxy Server tab. 
Change the settings as desired.

Note: Changing the proxy settings disables the connection between agents already installed at this site and the data center. The connection is disabled within 10 minutes of saving the new settings.

Click Save when finished.
Update the Agents

After the proxy settings are changed, the agents must be updated.

To update the agents from Settings > Setup > RMM > Sites Using RMM:

Verify you are on the site you want to update the agents for.
Select the Agents tab.
Expand the Manage Installed Agents section.

Request a setup and update each agent. After the setup creation is complete, URLs are displayed for the .EXE and the .MSI files.

Download and execute the files for each desktop and server with the agent.
Assign device to another site (Move Agent) Golden Image Support
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Switching the device type for an Endpoint
Assign device to another site (Move Agent)
Golden Image Support
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.