Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Management   Golden Image Support
Golden Image Support
Last updated
Jul 8, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Benefits of the updated agent
Overview

This documentation reviews the benefits and process of the updated RMM Agent and its ability to be supported when you create a golden image.

Note: A golden image is a master copy of a computer system with essential software installed and used as a reference for creating other copies.

The RMM agent continues support when you create a Golden Image. Before, when you made an image with the RMM agent already installed, using the same image for creating new endpoint instances resulted in displaying these new endpoints as clones.

Endpoints that were reported as clones in the Devices page will no longer be shown as Clones, and instead now have a unique identifier. The agent will reprocess these duplicates (clone devices) as a separate device if they are reported online. (The devices page still shows them as individual devices). 

Important: Make sure that you are using the latest version of the RMM Agent when creating a golden image.

Benefits of the updated agent
You can create an image with the RMM agent installed.
A new instance of endpoint created using the Golden image will be managed as a new device.
Golden Image support will be applicable for all flavors of agents (Windows and Linux).
User can switch the device type for an Endpoint. Review Switching the device type for an Endpoint documentation. Note that, this option is available only for Windows devices. 
A new instance of VM when created with the image will report as a separate device in the Asio portal > Devices page.
By using the Golden image, technicians can streamline the deployment process with reduced time and effort when creating a new VM.

Note: 

Golden image will be supported only if the instances created are on a persistent drive.
Platform agent does not support identical clone machines.
Changing Proxy Settings Switching the device type for an Endpoint
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Changing Proxy Settings
Switching the device type for an Endpoint
Assign device to another site (Move Agent)
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.