Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Management   Switching the device type for an Endpoint
Switching the device type for an Endpoint
Last updated
Oct 14, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Switch a device type
Overview

The ConnectWise Asio® platform provides two different kinds of agents for Windows OS: one for Desktops and one for Servers. There is now a single Windows agent installer, allowing the endpoint or device type to be defined based on the operating system on which the agent is installed.

With the latest release, you have the option to switch a device type and be able to use a desktop as a server and vice versa.

Note:  This option is only available for Windows devices. This option will be supported only if the Endpoint has the latest update of the Agent version 3.0.5 or above.

Switch a device type

The option to switch a device type is available within the device details. Please follow the steps below to complete this action:

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices.
From the list of devices, search, filter, or scroll to find the device for which you want to change the device type. Click on the Device Name.
You are taken to the Device Details page.

In the Summary Tab, you can see the Device Type listed under Machine Specs. Click the switch type icon located in the Type row.

Note: If the option is not visible to you, it is possible that you do not have the required permissions. Contact your administrator if you need access to this.

When you click the Switch Type icon, a window will appear to confirm the action before you can proceed.

After reading the details, click the Switch Endpoint button to confirm the switch.

Note: It may take a few minutes for the update to be reflected across the entire portal. In the mean time, it is requested that you do not retry the action again.

After the device type is switched successfully, you can also check the audit logs for the same in Centralised Audit Trail.

Golden Image Support Agent Repair Utility
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Changing Proxy Settings
Assign device to another site (Move Agent)
Golden Image Support
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.