Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Repair Utility
Agent Repair Utility
Last updated
Oct 15, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Download the Agent Repair Utility
About Agent Repair Utility
Limitations of Agent Repair Utility
Overview

In ConnectWise RMM™, the agent can malfunction for various reasons, such as:

An offline device during a critical rollout.
Failure to auto-update to the correct version.
Interruptions during installation or uninstallation.

These issues create challenges for technicians trying to use remote access to identify and resolve them.

Additionally, all troubleshooting is currently a manual process, which is time-consuming and may significantly impact the end user. Agent Repair Utility is a standalone executable supported with command-line prompts. When executed on an endpoint, it helps identify the agent's malfunctioning components and repairs them.

Note:  As of today, this utility works only on Windows machines across different versions. This utility requires Admin privileges.

Download the Agent Repair Utility

The Utility is available for download from the Download Agent section.

Navigate to the Endpoints > Devices page. 
Click Manage in the toolbar.
Select Download Agent from the drop-down.

Locate Agent Repair Utility.

Click Download .exe.
After downloading, copy the file to the affected endpoint. The utility needs to be run under Admin privileges.

Note: You don't need to select the Company and Site to download the utility.

Alternatively, you can also download the utility from Clients > Companies > Select a Company > Agents tab.

About Agent Repair Utility

Feature

	

Command Line Input

	

Purpose

	

Sample Output




Usage of the utility

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-help

	

View the supported command line parameters

	




 

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-action=healthcheck -display=yes

	

Checks the health of the agent. If no command is passed in the console, the utility executes this command by default.

	




 

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-action=restore -display=yes

	

Restores the agent.

Display=Yes shows the log on the console. 

Note: Display=No will capture the logs in the backend but not display them on the console.

	




 

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-action=healthcheckandrestore -display=yes

	

Checks the health and restores the agent to a healthy state when applicable. 

Note: The utility will not perform the restore option if the agent is healthy.

	




 

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-action=uninstall -display=yes

	

This command uninstalls the agent from the machine.

	

NA




 

	

platform-watchdog.exe

-action=autoupdatecleanup -display=yes

	

Performs cleanup of existing auto-update files locally.

	

Limitations of Agent Repair Utility

The following are some of the limitations of this utility:

If Agent communication URLs are corrupted or missing, the utility shows the agent as healthy.
In the Uninstall action, the ITSPlatform registry does not get cleaned up. (ITSPlatform registry entry)
In some of the scenarios, if the configuration file is corrupted, the utility still shows as healthy.
ScreenConnect® repair is not a part of this utility.

Note: We are in the process of improving the utility with additional checks in the upcoming phases. Some endpoints with a different scenario may not get fixed.

 

Switching the device type for an Endpoint Agent Reports Overview
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
Uninstalling an Agent
This guide includes the steps required to uninstall an agent from a desktop or server in RMM or Asio via the Devices page.
Cloud Services
Agent Tamper Protection
Agents on Windows devices utilize tamper protection to restrict users from stopping the agent core services.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.