Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Reports Overview
Agent Reports Overview
Last updated
Dec 3, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Agent Reports
Overview

ConnectWise Asio® agent reports provide visibility into agent-related activities, automation, audits, and technical details. These reports help partners and internal teams monitor agent deployment, performance, and compliance across environments.

Note: All details in generated reports are dependent on user access permissions and resource assignments. Users can only generate reports for companies and sites that they have access to.

Agent Reports

Navigate to Reports > Asio > Agents and select one of the following reports.

Category

	

Report

	

Description




Agents

	

Agent Report

	

Gives information about the overall agents installed




RMM Scan Configuration*

	

Provides configuration information for the Agent Deployment Tool per site.




RMM Scan Details*

	

Lists the IP range and deployment schedules to scan the machines in the network for the agent.




Agent Uninstall Report

	

Gives information about the overall agents uninstalled




Network Devices Report

	

Displays a list of Network Devices identified via the network probe and can be used to identify network devices of different types, IP addresses, and makes/models.




Probe Devices Report

	

Lists all the RMM devices on which a Network Probe has been installed.




User Management Report

	

Provides information about the users logged in to different endpoints in a given time period

 

Refer to the articles below to learn more about each report:

Agent Report
Agent Uninstall Report
Network Devices Report
Probe Devices Report
RMM Scan Configuration Report
RMM Scan Details Report
User Management Report

 

 

 

Agent Repair Utility Agent Schedules
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
Uninstalling an Agent
This guide includes the steps required to uninstall an agent from a desktop or server in RMM or Asio via the Devices page.
Cloud Services
Agent Tamper Protection
Agents on Windows devices utilize tamper protection to restrict users from stopping the agent core services.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.