Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Agent Self-Heal
Agent Self-Heal
Last updated
Jan 23, 2026
Table of contents
Overview
About Agent Self-Heal
Identified Issues to be addressed by Agent Self-Heal
Overview

As of today, if the Agent experience is hampered due to various issues, such as:

The device is offline during a critical rollout.

Failure to auto-update to the correct version.

These issues create challenges for technicians trying to gain remote access to identify and resolve them.

Additionally, all troubleshooting is currently a manual process, where a partner or tech uses the Agent Repair Utility. This process is time-consuming and may significantly impact the end user. Therefore, we have introduced Agent Self-Heal to keep monitoring plugins and configuration files on the machine to help ensure the agent is always healthy.

About Agent Self-Heal

Agent Self-Heal is a feature of the Agent that runs at regular intervals. During the execution, it identifies and fixes some commonly reported issues without any manual intervention.

If the Agent is updated to the latest version, you receive a new task in Windows Task Scheduler. A Windows task is defined for Windows Server (Version 2008 and above) and Desktop (Windows 8 and above) in the task scheduler.

The task is configured to run every 6 hours.

The task ITSPlatform Self-Heal Utility triggers to verify the health check parameters of the Agent.

Agent uninstallation ensures the removal of the ITSplatform Self-Heal Utility schedule from Task Scheduler.

Identified Issues to be addressed by Agent Self-Heal

Identified Issues

	

Description​s




Agent Configuration and Communication URL are missing.

	

Scan and update the Agent configuration files. The Agent configuration files may be corrupted, or the Endpoint ID is not reporting in the configuration file.




Components are corrupt or missing.

	

Check for the base components, Agent core, Asset plugin, Agent manager, Installation Manager, and Version plugin.




ITS Platform Service is missing​ or not running.

	

The Agent on installation has a core service running. If it is not running or missing, fix the services responsible for keeping the agent running on the machine.




The Agent is not getting updated to the latest version.

	

If the Agent fails to update with the latest components, it is due to errors reported by the third-party installation.
If the Agent version is very old (e.g., 1.x. or 2.x or 3.x ), we recommend uninstalling it and reinstalling the latest version.

Note: The functionality is available for Agents running on Windows OS.

Agent Schedules Agent Tamper Protection
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Asio Agent Requirements
The article includes the currently supported operating systems for agent installations.
Uninstalling an Agent
This guide includes the steps required to uninstall an agent from a desktop or server in RMM or Asio via the Devices page.
Cloud Services
Agent Tamper Protection
Agents on Windows devices utilize tamper protection to restrict users from stopping the agent core services.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.