Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Download and Install Agents   Agent for Linux 32/64 bit ARM device
Agent for Linux 32/64 bit ARM device
Last updated
Oct 15, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Linux ARM 32/64-bit Agent Requirements
Operating System Compatibility
Supported ARM 32-bit Architecture Versions
Download Agent
Installation steps
Overview

Linux ARM-based devices like Raspberry Pi are supported for management in the RMM ecosystem.

Linux ARM 32/64-bit Agent Requirements
CPU: ARM based 32/64 bit.
RAM: 1 GB and above
Disk storage: 1.5 GB on the drive.

Important: For ScreenConnect®, the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 1.9 or above needs to be installed. If Oracle or OpenJDK JRE 1.9+ is installed, the guest client should be compatible with most distributions.

Operating System Compatibility

OS Type

	

OS version

	

ConnectWise Agent Compatibility




Ubuntu

	

22.04

	

Verified on Raspberry pi 3/4/5 Model B




Ubuntu

	

23.04

	

Verified on Raspberry pi 3/4/5 Model B




Raspbian GNU/Linux

	

9 or later

	

Verified on Raspberry pi 2 Model B

Supported on

Raspberry pi 3 model B Rev 1.5
Raspberry pi 4 model B Rev 1.5
Raspberry pi 5 model B Rev 1.5
Raspberry pi 2 Model B
Supported ARM 32-bit Architecture Versions
 armv7l 
armv6l 
armv5tel 
armv5tejl 
armv5te 
armv4tl 
armv4l
Download Agent

Note: The setup for Linux ARM based devices will not work on other Intel based Linux servers. 

Sign in to the Asio™ platform.
Navigate to Endpoints > Devices.
Select the endpoints you want to install the agent on.
Open the Manage drop-down in the toolbar at the top-left of the page.

Select Download Agent from the drop-down menu.
Select a Company and a Site from the drop-downs in the Download Agent window. You can also type to search for your site and select it.

After selecting the site, select the tiles corresponding with the site OS. To download the Linux ARM-based agent, click the Download .run button. Optionally, click the Copy URL button and paste the URL in a browser to install the agent on the intended device.
In case you rename the downloaded setup file, append the token with _TKN (Agent token can be copied from site selection)
Example:  ITSPlatform-Installer_TKN12345XXXXXX.run 
Installation steps
Enter your Linux server username and password.
Type sudo su to get access to root-level privileges.
To execute permissions for setup, run chmod.
Example: chmod 777 ITSPlatform-Installer_TKN12345XXXXXX.run
Execute the .run Installer setup   ./ITSPlatform-Installer_TKN<token>.

The setup takes less than a minute to install. The Endpoint should start showing up in the Asio platform in five minutes.

Upon successful installation, the Linux ARM based device will be reflected on the Asio™ platform (ITSupport Portal) as shown below:


Download and Install Agents Asio Platform Agent Deployment using Group Policy Object (GPO)
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Windows OS Agent Overview
Asio Platform Agent Deployment using Group Policy Object (GPO)
Installing Asio Agents using MS Intune
macOS Agent Overview
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.