Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Agents   Download and Install Agents   Installing Asio Agents using MS Intune
Installing Asio Agents using MS Intune
Last updated
Oct 10, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Requirements
Prerequisites
Deploy Asio Agent Using Intune
Overview

This article helps technicians and administrators set up Microsoft® Intune™ to deploy an Asio Agent.

Requirements
Sign in to Intune as a Global administrator or an Intune Service administrator.
Prerequisites

The following image shows the applications already mapped to deploy on the endpoint:


Microsoft Intune allows Win32 app management capabilities. Please refer to the Win32 app management features and any other related information.

Before you can add a Win32 app to Microsoft Intune, you must prepare the app using the Microsoft Win32 Content Prep tool. Using the Content Prep tool, convert the Setup file (.msi) to .intunewin format.

Tip: Use Windows 10 version 1607 or later to create the .intunewin file.
Tip: Before pushing the agent to the endpoint:
.Net Framework 2.0 and above should be installed on Windows machines.
Windows Installer v4.0 or above is required on Windows machines.
Deploy Asio Agent Using Intune
Convert the MSI setup to an Intune package:
Download the Intune packaging tool from the download link.
After the download, copy the agent setup into a new folder.
Run the IntuneWinAppUtil.exe tool to create INTUNEWIN package file.

Download Link: 

https://github.com/Microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool

Syntax:

IntuneWinAppUtil.exe -c <source location> -s <setup file name> -o <destination location>

Example:

D:\Intune>IntuneWinAppUtil.exe -c D:\RMMSetup -s Continuum-continuum_DPMA_ITSPlatform_XXXXXXXX-XXX-XXXX-XXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX.msi -o D:\RMMSetup
After the package file is created in the .intunewin format, add the converted app package file to Intune admin center.

Select the .intunewin package file and click OK.

 
Specify the program behavior and provide the Install Command: msiexec /i "<setup file name>"


Proceed to the Requirements step and enter your OS parameters in the required Operating system architecture and the Minimum operating system fields.


Proceed to the Detection rules step to configure the rules to detect the presence of the app. You can choose to add multiple rules:

Rules format: Select how the presence of the app will be detected. You can choose to either manually configure the detection rules or use a custom script to detect the presence of the app. You must choose at least one detection rule.

You can select one of the following rule types:

MSI: Verify based on an MSI version check. This option can be added only one time. When you choose this rule type, you have two settings:

MSI product code: Add a valid MSI product code for the app.
MSI product version check: Select Yes to verify the MSI product version in addition to the MSI product code.



File or folder exists: Verify based on file or folder detection, date, version, or size.

Path: Enter the full path of the folder that contains the file or folder to detect. This shouldn't include special characters such as , or ".
File or folder: Enter the file or folder to detect.
Detection method: Select the type of detection method used to validate the presence of the app.
Associated with a 32-bit app on 64-bit clients: Select Yes to expand any path environment variables in the 32-bit context on 64-bit clients. Select No (default) to expand any path variables in the 64-bit context on 64-bit clients. 32-bit clients will always use the 32-bit context.

Example of file-based detection:

Rule type – File

Path - C:\Program Files (x86)\ITSPlatform\agentcore

File or Folder – platform-agent-core.exe

Detection method – File or folder exists

Associated with a 32-bit app on 62-bit clients – Yes

There should be no results under dependencies.


In the Assignments section, select the device group where the app needs to be pushed.

The status of deployment can be viewed.


On successful configuration, the app information can be viewed.


If the file is renamed, return to the admin center to specify the renamed token in the Install Command field (step 7).

Asio Platform Agent Deployment using Group Policy Object (GPO) Linux Server Agent Overview
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Windows OS Agent Overview
Asio Platform Agent Deployment using Group Policy Object (GPO)
macOS Agent Overview
Linux Server Agent Overview
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.