Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts
Alerts
Last updated
Oct 15, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
 Feature Comparison
Alert Classification
Documentation
Overview

Devices with the Asio agent installed can leverage ConnectWise RMM™ remote monitoring architecture to monitor servers, desktops, and VMs, supporting a variety of common protocols. This section includes information on intelligent alerts, custom monitors, suspension, and more.

When the agent is installed, it performs a scan to identify services, ports, and processes. Based on the endpoint type and RMM product tier (Core, Standard, Premium), the system applies a tailored set of Intelligent Alerts. You can then:

Create partner-defined alerts using custom monitors.
Create automation tasks triggered by alert conditions.
Customize alert output and configure email notifications for critical alerts.
Apply suspensions to temporarily suppress alerts during maintenance or testing.

Note: Use email alerts selectively to avoid inbox clutter. For non-critical conditions, rely on ticketing and dashboard notifications.

 Feature Comparison
Feature	Purpose	Trigger Source	Actions Enabled


Monitors

	

Defined conditions to observe endpoints (e.g., CPU usage, service status).

	

Endpoint metrics or system activity

	

Detect issues, trigger alerts, and initiate workflows.




Custom Monitors

	

Partner-defined monitors for specialized conditions beyond default alerts.

	

Manual configuration

	

Expand monitoring scope, tailor alert logic.




Intelligent Alerts

	

Auto-applied alert conditions based on endpoint type and RMM tier.

	

Monitors or system scans

	

Notify users, route tickets, trigger automation.




Automation

	

Execute tasks/scripts in response to alerts or monitor triggers.

	

Configurations in Intelligent Alerts or Monitors

	

Run remediation scripts, suspend alerts, and create tickets.




Suspensions

	

Temporarily suppress alerts during maintenance or exception periods.

	

Manual or automated trigger

	

Pause alerting logic, prevent ticket generation.

Alert Classification

Alerts are classified into two categories:

NOC Defined & Managed Alerts - These alerts are pre-defined by the agent software and act as default monitors.
Partner Defined & Managed Alerts - These alerts are created in the monitoring system and allow you to expand default monitors for a more robust and versatile monitoring system.
Documentation

Click on the title of an article to learn more about monitoring, custom monitors, and suspension in ConnectWise RMM.

Custom Monitors
Build your own alert monitors using the variety of monitor templates in ConnectWise RMM. Monitors use these templates to trigger alerts when issues are identified based on various values that are collected from the endpoint. These alerts are generated in near real-time to notify of problems observed.
Application Monitor
Asset Monitor
Complex Monitor
CPU Monitor
Custom Field Monitor
Show all
Intelligent Alerts
Intelligent Alerts in ConnectWise RMM are endpoint-specific and generate an appropriate alert based on a predefined set of monitoring conditions.
ConnectWise RMM Intelligent Alerts Monitoring Conditions
Intelligent Alerts - Threshold definitions
Preview Alerts
Custom Ticket Template for Custom Monitors
Custom monitors are personalized templates that can trigger alerts upon detecting issues using data collected from the endpoint. This article explains how to customize the ticket template for custom monitors.
Network Availability Monitoring
If our Data Center cannot reach the device after three consecutive tries (using Windows ICMP), a Device Down ticket is generated.  The agent pings the IP address at two-minute intervals and reduces the number of tickets created if a network device is unreachable.
Network Availability Monitoring: Known Issues
S.M.A.R.T Monitoring
S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology) monitors a hard drive for predictive failures. Our agent automatically monitors the S.M.A.R.T. attributes, and if any attribute for which the S.M.A.R.T. status is not OK, it reports on the device's detail page.
Suspensions
Implement suspension rules if you want to stop generating alerts, either temporarily or indefinitely. The alert suspension feature is useful to accommodate the suspension of alerts in such periods of maintenance or testing.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Custom Monitors
Build your own alert monitors using the variety of monitor templates in ConnectWise RMM. Monitors use these templates to trigger alerts when issues ar...
S.M.A.R.T Monitoring
S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology) monitors a hard drive for predictive failures. Our agent automatically monitors the S.M...
Intelligent Alerts
Intelligent Alerts in ConnectWise RMM are endpoint-specific and generate an appropriate alert based on a predefined set of monitoring conditions.
Network Availability Monitoring
If our Data Center cannot reach the device after three consecutive tries (using Windows ICMP), a Device Down ticket is generated.  The agent pings the...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.