Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Complex Monitor
Complex Monitor
Last updated
Jun 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
How to create a Complex Monitor
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

Complex Monitors allow you to use different criteria in various combinations that will generate an alert only if defined criteria are met. You can use logical operators like "AND" or "OR" against monitors.

Note: Complex Monitors are only available in CW RMM Standard and Advanced packages

How to create a Complex Monitor

Navigate to  Endpoints > Alerts > Monitors.

Click Add Monitor.

Provide a Name for the new monitor and a Description.

Select the Type as Complex from the drop-down for creating the appropriate monitor.

Select the Family and Severity from the drop-down menus.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition Section:
Click on the empty box. This will open a list of all the available monitors that can be selected.
Based on your selections, the System will open the details section. Refer to the individual monitor documentation to make updates or use values for definition.
Click +Add inner block, this will add another condition selector which will be connected to the previous condition with a logical operator of  "AND" or "OR"
The logical operator can be changed by clicking on the AND/OR toggle. All options added in the same block will have an identical logical operator.
You can add a new block by clicking +Add outer block.
Select and modify that block to your needs.
You can also select and add a custom Automation Task to your monitor.

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section, you can define the complex monitors that will determine if the ticket should be updated as Resolved

Click on the empty box. This will open a list of all the available monitors that can be selected.
Based on your selections, the System will open the details section. Refer to the individual monitor documentation to make updates or use values for definition.
Click +Add inner block, this will add another condition selector which will be connected to the previous condition with a logical operator of  "AND" or "OR"
The logical operator can be changed by clicking on the AND/OR toggle. All options added in the same block will have an identical logical operator.
You can add a new block by clicking +Add outer block.
Select and modify that block to your needs.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when the condition is met on the endpoint.

Under the Resources section, you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.

Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets.

Note: Complex monitors will generate tickets only if the criteria in the complex monitor definition will be completely matched. For example, if there are two monitors merged with the Logical operator of AND. Unless both criteria are met, a ticket will not be generated.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Complex
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Complex monitor for alphas testing	Monitor description for Complex Monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Complex monitor - Alpha	Monitor name for Complex Monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	Directory A:\\RApMjUqnyT\\kotalRWWJJ\\XhdVtOIOog exists AND service_ILyNLQRaGC is stopped)	Summary of Complex Monitor created

 

Asset Monitor CPU Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.