Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Device Availability Monitor
Device Availability Monitor
Last updated
Jan 22, 2026
Table of contents
Overview
How to create a Device Availability Monitor
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

Device Availability Monitors allow you to trigger an alert and create a ticket when an endpoint is down. Device Availability Monitors can be applied on Windows, Linux, and macOS endpoints.   

How to create a Device Availability Monitor

Navigate to  Endpoints > Alerts > Monitors.

Click Add Monitor.

Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally you can provide a Description of your new monitor.

Select the Type as Device Availability from the drop-down.

Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition section,

State: This allows you to select the state of the device for the alert

Down: This can be used to define the "Down" state of the endpoint for monitoring.

If you want to validate the device availability with Control Remote access, select the option for additional validation for Control Remote access availability.

Up: This can be used to define the "Up" state of the endpoint for monitoring.

Enter the number of minutes for which the system should be waiting before triggering an alert.

Note: The device generates a ticket or an alert if it is offline for X number of minutes. For e.g., the device will generate a ticket or an alert if it is offline for 10 minutes. Remember that the minimum number of minutes that can be configured is 5, and the maximum is 60.  

You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when the condition was met on the endpoint.

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the endpoint is back up.

State: This allows you to select the state of the device for the alert

Down: This can be used to define the "Down" state of the endpoint for monitoring.

If you want to validate the device availability with Control Remote access, select the option for additional validation for Control Remote access availability.

Up: This can be used to define the "Up" state of the endpoint for monitoring.

Enter the number of minutes for which the system should be waiting before triggering an alert  

Under the Resources section, you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.

Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets.

Note: Monitors will be triggered based on the configuration set/defined.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Device Availability
 	Availability	Windows, MAC, Linux	false	Current state of device
 	DeviceStatus	Windows, MAC, Linux	"Down"	Current state of device
 	ControlOpted	Windows, MAC, Linux	true	Check for Screenconnect opted or not
 	TimeWindow	Windows, MAC, Linux	5	time window that needs to be monitored
 	NotificationType	Windows, MAC, Linux	"DeviceDown"	 
Custom Field Monitor Disk Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.