Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   File System Monitor
File System Monitor
Last updated
Jun 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
How to create a File System Monitor
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

File System Monitors allow you to define File and folder attributes for triggering an alert and creating a ticket. File system Monitors can be applied on Windows, Linux, and macOS endpoints.  

How to create a File System Monitor

Navigate to  Endpoints > Alerts > Monitors.

Click Add Monitor.

Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally you can provide a Description of your new monitor.

Select the Type as File System from the drop-down.

Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition section:
File or Directory: This allows you to select what type of object you want to monitor.
File: Select this option if the target object is a file.
Directory: Select this option if the target object is a folder.
Path: This allows you to define the path of the object (the file or folder.)
In case of a directory, just define the folder path.
In case of a file, please define the path and the file name.
Criteria: This allows you to define trigger criteria.
Exists: Select this option if you want the monitor to alert you if the target is available at the path.
Does not exist: Select this option if you want the monitor to alert you if the target is not available at the path.
Contains (Applicable only for a directory): Select this option if you want to monitor the number of files available at the target path.
You can choose More than or equal to or Less than or equal to.
Enter the number of items you want to monitor against.
Size (Applicable only for a file): Select this option if you want to monitor the size of the file available at the target path.
You can choose More than or equal to or Less than or equal to.
Enter the number of units you want to monitor against.
Select the Units you want to monitor. Your options are Bytes, KB, and MB.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when the condition is met on the endpoint

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the following criteria is met:

File or Directory: This allows you to select what type of object you want to monitor.
File: Select this option if the target object is a file.
Directory: Select this option if the target object is a folder.
Path: This allows you to define the path of the object (the file or folder.)
In case of a directory, just define the folder path.
In case of a file, please define the path and the file name.
Criteria: This allows you to define trigger criteria.
Exists: Select this option if you want the monitor to resolve the ticket if the target is available at the path.
Does not exist: Select this option if you want the monitor to resolve the ticket if the target is not available at the path.
Contains (Applicable only for a directory): Select this option if you want to resolve the ticket if the number of files available at the target path meets the chosen criteria:
You can choose More than or equal to or Less than or equal to.
Enter the number of items needed to resolve the ticket.
Size (Applicable only for a file): Select this option if you want to resolve the ticket if the size of the file available at the target path meets the chosen criteria.
You can choose More than or equal to or Less than or equal to.
Enter the number of units needed to resolve the ticket.
Select the Units you want to monitor. Your options are Bytes, KB, and MB.

Under the Resources section, you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.

Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets.

Note: Monitors will be triggered based on the configuration set/defined.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
File System
 	

TargetType

	Windows, Linux	

file

	

Type to be monitored


 	

Operator

	Windows, Linux	

not_exists

	

 


 	

Condition

	Windows, Linux	

 

	

 


 	

Platform

	Windows, Linux	

windows

	

 


 	

Path

	Windows, Linux	

Path

	

File path/directory path


 	

Size

	Windows, Linux	

0

	

File size value


 	

Unit

	Windows, Linux	

bytes

	

Unit for size

Event Monitor Hyper-V Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.