Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Port Monitor
Port Monitor
Last updated
Jun 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
How to create a Port Monitor
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

Port Monitors allow you to define Port data from a target endpoint for triggering an alert and creating a ticket. Port Monitors can be applied on Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints.  

How to create a Port Monitor

Navigate to  Endpoints > Alerts > Monitors.

Click Add Monitor.

Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally you can provide a Description of your new monitor.

Select the Type as Port from the drop-down.

Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition section:
Port Type: Select the port type from the drop down menu.
Port Number: Enter the port number that should be monitored.
State: Select the state of the port that should be checked.

Retry: This allows you to define the consecutive retries attempted before triggering an alert.

Verify Duration: Enter a value for the frequency that the port status is checked.
Unit: Select the duration unit to be used for the trigger. Units can be defined as minutes, hours, or days.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when the condition was met on the endpoint

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the following criteria is met:

Use same frequency as above: This allows you to use the same frequency as defined in the condition section.
Port Type: Select the port type from the drop down menu.
Port Number: Enter the port number that should be monitored.
State: Select the state of the port that should be checked.
Retry: This allows you to define the consecutive retries attempted before triggering an alert.
Define new verification frequency: This allows you to use a new frequency for the condition resolution. 
Port Type: Select the port type from the drop down menu.
Port Number: Enter the port number that should be monitored.
State: Select the state of the port that should be checked.
Retry: This allows you to define the consecutive retries attempted before triggering an alert.
Verify Duration: Enter a value for the frequency that the port status is checked.
Unit: Select the duration unit to be used for the trigger. Units can be defined as minutes, hours, or days.

Under the Resources section you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group. Refer to the Dynamic Group documentation for more information.

Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets.

Note: Monitors will be triggered based on the configuration set/defined.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Port
 	Port	Windows, MAC & Linux	 tcp	Port type to be monitored
 	PortNumber	Windows, MAC & Linux	3389	Port number to be configured
 	PortState	Windows, MAC & Linux	LISTENING	Current Port state
 	PortStatus	Windows, MAC & Linux	found	Current Port state
 	PortVerify	Windows, MAC & Linux	24	Verify port status after configured time period
 	Status	Windows, MAC & Linux	Success	Current status of the Port
Performance Counter Monitor Process Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.