Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Process Monitor
Process Monitor
Last updated
Jun 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Create a Process Monitor
Create a Process Monitor from Device Details for an endpoint
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

Process Monitors allow you to trigger an alert and create a ticket when a process is either running or not on an endpoint. Process Monitors can be applied on Windows, MAC, or Linux endpoints. 

Create a Process Monitor
Sign in to the Asio™ platform.
Navigate to Endpoints > Alerts > Monitors.
Click Add Monitor.
Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally you can provide a Description of your new monitor.
Select the Type as Process from the drop-down.
Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Conditions section:
Type the name of the process in the Process name field.
Select the state should be captured for the alert trigger:
Not running- This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the process has stopped running.
Not running for- This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the process has stopped running.
Running- This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the process has started running.
Running for- This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the process has started running.
Select to enable or disable the option to automatically start or stop the service. This will trigger an automation Task on the endpoint to initiate the process to start or stop running.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when a process condition is met on the endpoint.

Note: 

You can enable both default and custom automation tasks for when an issue is observed.
System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.
Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the issue no longer persists on an endpoint

Under the Resources section you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.

Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets. 


Create a Process Monitor from Device Details for an endpoint

Note: Monitors are triggered based on the defined configuration.

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices.
Select the device you want to create the new monitor for. The device details page opens.
Click Processes.
Under Actions for the service you want to create the monitor for, select the Action icon.

Note: The action icon is only visible and enabled if the user has permission to create monitors. Refer to Application roles for more information.     

The Monitor Name and process name should be pre-selected on the monitor creation page.
Select the Family and Severity from the drop-down menus. Optionally provide a Description.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition section, Information will be pre-selected by default. However, you can change the configuration when the alert should be triggered.
Note: The endpoint from which the service was selected will be selected automatically.
You can also define what state should be captured for the alert trigger. Select the drop-down and an option below:
Not running- This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the process has stopped running.
Not running for- This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the process has stopped running.
Running- This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the process has started running.
Running for- This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the process has started running.
Select to enable or disable the option to automatically start or stop the service. This triggers an automation task on the endpoint to initiate the process to start or stop running.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when a process condition is met on the endpoint.

Note: 

You can enable both default and custom automation tasks for when an issue is observed.
System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.
Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the issue no longer persists on an endpoint.
Under the Resources section you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.
Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets. 
List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Process
 	ProcessName	Windows, MAC & Linux	"iexplore.exe"	Process short name without full path
 	ProcessStatus	Windows, MAC & Linux	

"running"

"terminated"

	State of the process when the change was detected
 	ProcessPath	Windows, MAC & Linux	"C:\\Windows\\System32\\notepad.exe"	Process full path
Port Monitor Registry Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
Memory Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.