Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Registry Monitor
Registry Monitor
Last updated
Jun 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Create a Registry Monitor
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

ConnectWise RMM™ Registry Monitors allow you to define registry data from a target endpoint to trigger an alert and create a ticket. They can be applied to Windows endpoints only.  

Create a Registry Monitor
Sign in to the Asio™ platform.
Navigate to Endpoints > Devices > Alerts > Monitors.
Click Add Monitor.
Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally, you can provide a Description of your new monitor.
Select the Type as Registry from the drop-down.
Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Complete the fields in the Registry section:
Registry: Select this to define the registry hive for the key.
Registry Key: Enter the key that should be monitored.
Value Name: Enter the value name that should be checked.
Condition: Select the required state for the value of the trigger. 
Exists: Select this to check if the value name exists for the condition.
Missing: Select this to check if the value name does not exist for the condition.
Equals: Select this to check if the value data equals a specific value in the key.
Not Equals: Select this to check if the value data does not equal a specific value in the key.
Contains: Select this to check if the value data contains a specific value in the key. You can add multiple keywords for validations along with logical operators like "AND" or "OR".
Does not contain: Select this to check if the value data does not contain a specific value in the key. You can add multiple keywords for validations along with logical operators like "AND" or "OR".
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when the condition is met on the endpoint.

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section, define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved after the configured criteria are met. Refer to the configuration definitions above.​​
Under the Resources section, you can select the target endpoints to trigger the alerts. You can select specific machines, sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.
Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets.

Note: Monitors are triggered based on the defined configuration.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Registry
 	RegistryHive	Windows	 HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE	Define the registry hive for the ke
 	RegistryKey	Windows	\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Authentication\\Credential Provider Filters\\{a81f782e-cf30-439a-bad8-645d9862ea99}	Registry key that should be monitored
 	ValueName	Windows	 	Enter the value name that should be checked
 	Condition	Windows	missing	Configured condition to be monitored
Process Monitor Script Monitor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Service Monitor
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.