Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Monitors   Service Monitor
Service Monitor
Last updated
Nov 6, 2025
Table of contents
Overview 
Create a Service Monitor
Create a Service Monitor from Device Details for endpoint
List of Monitor Variables
Overview 

ConnectWise RMM™ Service Monitors allow you to trigger an alert and create a ticket when a specific Service running on an endpoint changes state. The monitor can be applied to Windows, MAC, or Linux endpoints. It can also automatically resolve a ticket when the application information changes state. Refer to the list of services that are excluded by default from monitoring.

Note: The service monitors generate tickets only when there is a change in the state of the configured service. Tickets are not triggered if the service does not exist on the endpoint.

Create a Service Monitor
Sign in to the Asio™ platform.
Navigate to Endpoints > Devices > Alerts > Monitors.
Click Add Monitor.
Provide a Name for the new monitor. Optionally you can provide a Description of your new monitor.
Select the Type as Service from the drop-down.
Select the Family and Severity.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

In the Conditions section, select the drop-down and click View all Services.
Note: This will fetch a list of all the services found on the endpoints that have the agent installed. Data is collected from both server and desktop endpoints, including Windows, MAC, and Linux OS.
Select the state that should be captured for the alert trigger:
Stopped - This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the service state has changed to stopped.
Stopped for - This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the state has changed to stopped.
Running - This will trigger the alert as soon as the monitor finds that the service state has changed to running.
Running for - This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the state has changed to running.
Select to enable or disable the option to Automatically start or stop the service. This will trigger an automation Task on the endpoint to initiate the service start or stop process.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when a service condition is met on the endpoint.

Note: 

You can enable both default and custom automation tasks for when an issue is observed.
System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.
Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the issue no longer persists on an endpoint
Under the Resources section you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.
Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets. 

Refer to the list of services that are excluded by default from monitoring.


 

Create a Service Monitor from Device Details for endpoint

Navigate to Endpoints > Devices.

Select the Computer you want to create the new Monitor for. The device details page will open.

Click Services.

Under Actions for the service you want to create the monitor for, select the icon that appears under Actions 

Note: The action button will be visible and enabled only if the user has permission to create monitors. For more information, refer to Application Roles.    

The Monitor Name and Service name should be pre-selected on the monitor creation page.

Note: The endpoint from which the service was selected will be selected automatically.

Select the Family and Severity from the drop-down menus. Optionally provide a Description.

To enable the Mapper functionality, you need to turn on the toggle. To learn more about the Mapper functionality review this documentation.

Under the Condition section, Information will be pre-selected by default. However, you can change the configuration when the alert should be triggered:
You can also select the dropdown to define what state should be captured for the alert trigger 
Stopped- This will trigger the alert when the monitor finds that the service state has changed to stopped.
Stopped for - This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the state has changed to stopped.
Running- This will trigger the alert when the monitor finds that the service state has changed to running.
Running for - This allows you to define the waiting period before triggering an alert when the state has changed to running.
Select to enable or disable the option to automatically start or stop the service. This will trigger an automation task on the endpoint to initiate the service start or stop process.
You can also select a custom Automation Task to be executed when a service condition is met on the endpoint.

Note: System will reflect only selective Automation tasks that do not need parameters. Refer these OOTB tasks which needs parameters. All Custom Scripts created will be available for selection.

Under the Ticket Resolution section you can define if the ticket should be updated as Resolved once the issue no longer persists on an endpoint
Under the Resources section you can select the target endpoints on which the alerts should be triggered. You can select specific machines, Sites, or a Dynamic or a Static group.
Click Save to create and apply the monitor to the targets. 

Note: Monitors will be triggered based on the configuration set/defined.

Refer to the list of services that are excluded by default from monitoring.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Monitor Type	Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
Generic
 	ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
 	MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
 	MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
 	MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor
Service
 	DisplayName	Windows, MAC & Linux	

"AVG WatchDog"

	

Name that is displayed on the Endpoint for the Service


 	ExitCode	Windows, MAC & Linux	2141	Service exit code that was captured when the service changed state from Running to Stopped for the endpoint
 	ServiceName	Windows, MAC & Linux	"Service2"	Actual Service Name on the endpoint
 	ServiceStatus	Windows, MAC & Linux	"Down"	State of the service when the change was detected
 	StartupType	Windows, MAC & Linux	"Automatic"	

Startup type of the Service

Script Monitor Custom Monitors: Service Exclusion List
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Custom Monitors: Service Exclusion List
Process Monitor
Event Monitor
CPU Monitor
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.