Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Intelligent Alerts   Preview Alerts
Preview Alerts
Last updated
Oct 20, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Preview Alerts
Preview Alert Automation Tasks
Overview

Preview alerts are pre-release alerts that partners can enable and test before general availability. This feature allows you to:

Test alerts on selected endpoints.
Configure automation tasks for early issue response.
Preview Alerts
Preview Alerts are disabled by default.
Once moved to general availability, they are enabled automatically.
Any automation or suspension rules configured during preview are retained to prevent disruption.

Note: Monthly release communications notify you when a condition transitions from preview to general availability.

Navigate to Endpoints > Alerts >  Intelligent Alerts > Preview Alerts to view this screen.

Enable and Automate Preview Alerts

Note: Intelligent Alerts > Create permission is required to enable preview alerts.

Enable a preview alert:

Click the name of the monitoring condition on the Preview Alerts tab.
Review the current state. All preview alerts are off by default. If the alert was enabled by an admin, the toggle appears as enabled.
 
Preview Alert Automation Tasks

After a preview alert is enabled, follow the steps below to create an automation task against the monitoring condition:

Click on the condition from the Preview Alerts tab.
Confirm the preview alert toggle is in the Enabled position.

Click Add Automation.

Select an automation task from the list. Tasks are populated based on your permissions.
Click Select.
Click Select Targets to choose the target endpoint, site, or dynamic group.

Once the configuration is set, Click Save.
Once the automation is created, you will see an automation icon next to the monitoring condition and the Automation Task will be visible on the card view.

Note: Users with permissions to create the automation task can save automation against the monitoring condition.

Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
ConnectWise RMM Intelligent Alerts Monitoring Conditions
Intelligent Alerts - Threshold definitions
Custom Monitors
Build your own alert monitors using the variety of monitor templates in ConnectWise RMM. Monitors use these templates to trigger alerts when issues ar...
S.M.A.R.T Monitoring
S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology) monitors a hard drive for predictive failures. Our agent automatically monitors the S.M...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.