Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Alerts   Custom Ticket Template for Custom Monitors
Custom Ticket Template for Custom Monitors
Last updated
Mar 11, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Customize the Ticket Template
List of Monitor Variables
Overview

Normally, you receive a ticket whenever a custom monitor you have configured is triggered. But using the script editor's Create Ticket functionality, you will be able to customize the ticket template to include only the necessary actionable items.

Custom Monitors are personalized templates that can trigger alerts upon detecting issues using data collected from the endpoint. These alerts are promptly generated in near real-time to notify of observed problems, with tickets following a fixed format. To learn more about Custom Monitors, review the Custom Monitors documentation.

Customize the Ticket Template

To customize your ticket template using the script editor's create ticket functionality, follow these steps:

Log in to the Asio™ platform.
Navigate to Automation > Tasks.
On the Tasks page, click the Add button in the top-right corner and select Script Editor.
In the Summary tab, add an appropriate Name and Description for the script.
Add the exact parameters to be configured for the ticket template by clicking Add Parameter.



Note: For the list of the variables pertaining to the specific Monitor Type, refer to the respective Monitors page.

Follow steps 1 to 4 from the Create Ticket documentation to create a ticket using the script editor. You can refer the same document to understand how the create ticket functionality works.
In the Create Ticket window, enter the Subject, enter the variable names (which you want customized in the ticket output) in the Description field, select the Priority and click Save.



Note: You can use the Monitor variables declared as parameters earlier in script like @MonitorDesc@.

When configuring the Monitor conditions in Edit Monitor screen, search for the script name from the Conditions section, in the Automation popup window.


You will be able to view the selected script in the Conditions section as shown here:


If the configured condition is satisfied, the script runs and you can see the output in Endpoints > Devices > Automation tab > Task Output as shown here:


The variables in the ticket template are replaced with actual values when the script gets triggered. You will be able to see the customized ticket in Endpoints > Devices > Tickets as shown here:



 

Note: It is recommended as a best practice that if you are creating a customized ticket, select the 'Do not generate ticket' option in Monitor Output section, to avoid receiving two tickets for the same monitor.

List of Monitor Variables

Here is a generic list of variables which you can use as per your requirement when creating your own customized ticket template:

Variable Name	Supported OS Type	Sample Data/Values	Variable Definition
ObservedDate	

Windows, MAC, Linux

	

"2020-09-02T15:35:42.969926103Z"

	Time stamp when the issue was observed
MonitorDesc	Windows, MAC, Linux	Add local palmtech account and add it to the local administrators group	Description added on the portal while creating a monitor
MonitorName	Windows, MAC, Linux	Local PalmTech Account with Local Admin	Name of the monitor
MonitorSummary	Windows, MAC, Linux	(Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s) AND Run PowerShell script every 1 minute(s))	Summary information for the monitor

 

Note:

Tickets generated by the Script Editor 'Create Ticket' function will not get closed automatically.
New ticket will be generated whenever an update is received for the Custom Monitor.

 

Preview Alerts Network Availability Monitoring
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Custom Monitors
Build your own alert monitors using the variety of monitor templates in ConnectWise RMM. Monitors use these templates to trigger alerts when issues ar...
S.M.A.R.T Monitoring
S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology) monitors a hard drive for predictive failures. Our agent automatically monitors the S.M...
Intelligent Alerts
Intelligent Alerts in ConnectWise RMM are endpoint-specific and generate an appropriate alert based on a predefined set of monitoring conditions.
Network Availability Monitoring
If our Data Center cannot reach the device after three consecutive tries (using Windows ICMP), a Device Down ticket is generated.  The agent pings the...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.