Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Automation
Automation
Last updated
Jun 11, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Overview

Welcome to the Automation category! The Automation section of ConnectWise RMM™ allows you to create tasks and scripts in order to automate processes, creating more efficiency for your day-to-day work. Click on the title of an article linked below and learn more about automation in ConnectWise RMM.

Scheduled Tasks
The scheduled tasks feature displays all your tasks, schedules, and key details. Tasks are actions performed on a resource by authorized users. They can be executed on-demand, on a recurring schedule, or at a later date.
Details for Scheduled Task Triggers
Tasks
The tasks feature is an automation tool used to address issues on managed devices. You can also sequence tasks with if/then/else logic to streamline workflows and achieve desired outcomes.
AI Assisted Scripting with the Script Editor
Available Tasks
Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Create Suspension for Monitors and Alerts in Script Editor
Create Ticket Using the Script Editor
Show all

  

Suspensions Scheduled Tasks
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Tasks
The tasks feature is an automation tool used to address issues on managed devices. You can also sequence tasks with if/then/else logic to streamline w...
Scheduled Tasks
The scheduled tasks feature displays all your tasks, schedules, and key details. Tasks are actions performed on a resource by authorized users. They c...
Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Create and schedule a script task.
Running RMM Tasks
How to run a task, create a custom script, or configure a task for the next agent check-in.
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.