Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Automation   Scheduled Tasks   Details for Scheduled Task Triggers
Details for Scheduled Task Triggers
Last updated
Feb 20, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Available Task Triggers
Overview

The following table lists the triggers that you can use to activate your tasks and their descriptions

Available Task Triggers
Trigger	Applicable On	Description 
Critical - Average processor utilization	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when the 'Average processor utilization of your machine' alert is triggered.


Endpoint Entering Dynamic Group

	Dynamic Group	Trigger is executed when the endpoint enters a Dynamic Group.


Endpoint Leaving Dynamic Group

	Dynamic Group	Trigger is executed when the endpoint leaves a Dynamic Group.


Error on Disk FileSystem

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Error on Disk File System' alert is triggered.


First check-in

	Site, Company	Trigger is executed when endpoints get added to the site or company and an agent is installed on them and it comes online for the very first time.


Low Server disk space

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Low Server Disk Space' alert is triggered.


Machine Restart is Required

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Machine Restart is Required' alert is triggered.


Non-Critical - Average processor utilization

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Non-Critical - Average processor utilization' alert is triggered.


Proactive server care

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Proactive server care' alert is triggered.


System is low on performance due to HIGH paging

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'System is low on performance due to HIGH paging' alert is triggered.
System running out of disk space	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'System running out of disk space' alert is triggered.


System running out of disk space (RECOVERY)

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'System running out of disk space (RECOVERY)' alert is triggered.


System startup

	Site, Company, Dynamic Group, Endpoints	Trigger is executed when an endpoint is started. This does not apply to a restart.


Time

	Site, Company, Dynamic Group, Endpoints	Various scheduling options available against Time trigger - Daily, Weekly, Monthly, etc.


Unexpected reboot

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Unexpected reboot' alert is triggered.


Unexpected reboot with memory dump (BSOD)

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Unexpected reboot with memory dump (BSOD)' alert is triggered.


Uninterruptible Power Supply

	Endpoints	Trigger is executed when 'Uninterruptible Power Supply' alert is triggered.


User Login

	Site, Company, Dynamic Group, Endpoints	Trigger is executed when a user logs in to the endpoint.


User Logout

	Site, Company, Dynamic Group, Endpoints	Trigger is executed when a user logs out of the endpoint.

 

Note: First Agent Check-in triggers do not work on Device Groups.

Scheduled Tasks Tasks
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Tasks
The tasks feature is an automation tool used to address issues on managed devices. You can also sequence tasks with if/then/else logic to streamline w...
Command for Networks
Secure Information Store
Tech Advantage
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.