Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Automation   Tasks   Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Last updated
Feb 6, 2026
Table of contents
Overview
Creating a Script Type Task
Scheduling Script Type Tasks
Overview

Tasks are a customizable, intuitive automation tool that enables you to reactively and proactively address issues on managed devices in your ecosystem.

Creating a Script Type Task

From the left navigation menu, go to Automation > Tasks.

Click Add and select the type of script you want to create.

Bash Script

Batch Script

Powershell Script

A new screen appears.

Fill out the following information:
Name
Description (optional)
Category (optional)
Add your script in the form on the right of the screen.
Set the expected time of script execution (in seconds). The default is 300 seconds. 
Click Save or click Save & Run if you want the task to run immediately.
Scheduling Script Type Tasks
To schedule your task, go to your recently saved task and click on it. Click Schedule in the summary card on the right-hand side.
You can choose one of three options for your task:
Run Now: Allows you to run the script task immediately after clicking Run.
Next Agent Check In: Stops your task once a certain criteria is met.
Schedule: Allows you to set a start day, time, and if the task is recurring.

Note: If you would like to run the task just once, select Run Now. If you select Run Now, you have the option to set a cancel date for the task if attempts to run keep failing.

Note: There is an option to select all resources.

Set the start date for the task.
Select the appropriate trigger. To view more information about triggers, review the Details for Scheduled Task Triggers documentation.
Select Recurrence  to choose how often you want the task to run.
Select the Start Date for the recurrence.
Select the number of times you want the task to repeat.
You can set the task cadence to hourly, daily, weekly, or monthly.
You can set the Task End Date or select 'Never' as the value.
As you can see, the task is scheduled to run every week, on Tuesdays and Fridays.

You can also remove the recurrence by clicking Remove Recurrence.

Click Select Targets and select the endpoints that the task should run on.


 
Select either Companies, Sites, Device Groups or Devices
Click Run to save and run your schedule.
The task should now appear under Scheduled Tasks.
Available Tasks Create Suspension for Monitors and Alerts in Script Editor
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Running RMM Tasks
How to run a task, create a custom script, or configure a task for the next agent check-in.
Available Tasks
RMM Task Reporting
Creating Tasks Using the Script Editor
How to use Script Editor to create, customize, or edit scripts using parameters and system variables. The script editor supports native scripting lang...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.