Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Automation   Tasks   FAQ and Error Reporting
FAQ and Error Reporting
Last updated
May 16, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Frequently Asked Questions
Why am I receiving an error for STZ type of tasks?
What does Deactivation for Next Agent Check-in do?
Error Reporting
Timezone Not Found Error
Overview

The purpose of this article is to provide you with answers to the most frequently asked questions about ConnectWise RMM Automation as well as any information about Error Reporting. 

Frequently Asked Questions
Why am I receiving an error for STZ type of tasks?

Whenever you try to schedule an STZ type of task from the tasking page with a time trigger, the selected time should be in the future for the same time zone that has been selected, or the task will fail during creation.

What does Deactivation for Next Agent Check-in do?

Deactivation provides an option to cancel a task that has been scheduled to run using Next Agent Check-in regularity only. Deactivation of task is done once user clicks delete/deactivate button on the schedule page.

Note: Task instance cannot be cancelled after it has started executing on a device. The goal is to allow the user to kill a task instance before execution on a device.

Error Reporting
Timezone Not Found Error

Even if an endpoint with no time zone location info is chosen for a task, that task will not fail. The Task will be created successfully for the remaining unaffected endpoints. A new error "Time zone not found" will be shown for these failed endpoints under Scheduled Tasks > History.

The error will also be shown on Devices  > Automation tab.

When the Next agent check in task fails for offline machine, we get the following error:

Creating Tasks Using the Script Editor Predefined System Variables
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Create and schedule a script task.
Running RMM Tasks
How to run a task, create a custom script, or configure a task for the next agent check-in.
Available Tasks
RMM Task Reporting
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.