Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Automation   Tasks   RMM Task Reporting
RMM Task Reporting
Last updated
Jul 25, 2023
Table of contents
Overview
Recent Task Panel
Overview

Tasks constitute any action committed on a resource by a partner, technician, or portal user with appropriate access. Tasks can be executed on-demand, on a recurring schedule, or at a later date.

Recent Task Panel

The second icon in the right menu of the Device list page opens the Recent Task Panel.

Easily accessible and viewable, the panel shows all the latest actions and refreshes automatically every 30 seconds so data is always up-to-date.

Task updates and counts are available for the following statuses:

Running: Task is in process.
Failure: Task was executing and failed for some reason/did not complete.
Pending: Task is scheduled to run.
Stopped: The user stopped the task from executing.
Scheduled: Task created and will run at a defined time. (Select the task name to open the Device Detail page and see a complete list of devices and run dates/times.)


Recent Task Panel features include:

Scroll through recently loaded tasks and results filtered to display for the previous 24 hours, 48 hours, seven days, 30 days, 90 days, or by a custom timeframe (with a 90-day maximum).

Use the Search function to perform a simple search by task on criteria including task name, run by, machine name, friendly name, site name, and status.
Click Stop to stop the execution of a task pending on a device while other devices are executing the task.
Sort task output by run time, run by, task name, status, or type to display the most critical need.

Click a task in the Task Panel to show all devices applied to this task and display their status and results.
Select the ellipses and click Edit to edit the resources, parameters, and schedule for a previously scheduled task, including tasks that have no scheduled future executions.

Select Disable or Enable for all assigned devices to enable or disable all future runs of the task for either all targets in the list or for a single device. Select Postpone to postpone the next task execution for all assigned devices as well as for a specific device, and select Cancel to stop the next task execution if it has not started.

Click the task name to Open the task data details. Use the ellipses next to the task name to Disable/Enable, Postpone, or Cancel the task or the task time ellipses to Disable/Enable, Export, Postpone, Edit, Stop, or Cancel the task. Tasks can be postponed in 30-minute, one-hour, three-hour, 24-hour, or in a custom time option.


Tasks also can be viewed from the Device Details page under the Automation tab. Both History and Scheduled tasks appear with a date filter.

Predefined System Variables Run Scripts as Current Logged In User
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Create and Schedule Script Type Tasks
Create and schedule a script task.
Running RMM Tasks
How to run a task, create a custom script, or configure a task for the next agent check-in.
Available Tasks
Creating Tasks Using the Script Editor
How to use Script Editor to create, customize, or edit scripts using parameters and system variables. The script editor supports native scripting lang...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.