Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Client Management   Contact Management
Contact Management
Last updated
Dec 16, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Requirements
Contact List
Client Profiles
Migrate Contacts
Company and Site Contacts
Add Contact
Overview

The Contacts tab allows you to manage site contacts, migrated Help Desk contacts, and PSA, powered by Asio contacts for your companies.

Migration of Help Desk contacts to Clients > Contacts unifies critical features in Asio for a more consistent client management experience. If your contacts were automatically migrated and you require assistance, please contact Support.

Note: Two Help Desk functions remain in Settings > Setup > RMM: 

Contact-device linking
Export functionality

 This article can help you complete the following tasks:

Add company and site contacts
Sync PSA contacts to companies and sites
Requirements
Asio application roles with Client Management > Contact Management permissions are required to view this screen.
Refer to Default Application Roles to learn more about application role permissions for default roles.
Full Contact Management permissions are required to access, edit, and remove Help Desk contacts.
Contact List

 To access this screen, navigate to Clients > Contacts in the Asio platform.

Field

	

Description




Add Contact

	

Click Add Contact to open the Create Contact form.




Template

	

Download the bulk upload template for your contact list.




Actions

	

Click the actions button to edit, delete, or upload contacts.




Edit Contact

	

Select the checkbox next to the contact to enable this option.




Delete Contact

	

Select the checkbox next to the contact(s) to enable this option.




Bulk Upload CSV

	

Upload a list of contacts from a CSV file. Download the template for your files to upload with the correct formatting.




Search

	

Search for the contact by first or last name.




Filter

	

Enter filter values to filter columns.




View

	

Adjust the row height to Compact, Standard, or Comfortable.

 

Client Profiles

Previously, Help Desk contacts and client profiles were created in Settings > Setup > RMM > Site Using RMM > [site name] > Help Desk > Client Profiles. Contacts from Client Profiles are now migrated to the Clients > Contacts tab.

Migrate Contacts

Please refer to the Migration of Companies, Sites, and Contacts - PSA powered by Asio documentation to learn more about contacts synced via PSA, powered by Asio.

Company and Site Contacts

To access this screen, navigate to Clients > Companies > Select a Company > Contacts.

Add Contact
Navigate to Companies in the Asio platform. 
Click the name of the company you want to add contacts to.
On the Company Details page, select the Contacts tab.
To create a site-level contact, navigate to the Company Overview, select a site from the Site List, and click the Contacts tab.
Click Add Contact.

Add contact details to create a new company contact. The primary contact, title, address, and phone number can be entered or edited in this form.

Click Save.

 

Company and Site Bulk Import Functionality Command for Networks
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Companies and Sites
This article provides information on company and site management in the Asio™ platform. Asio allows you to create, view, and edit company or site info...
Command for Networks
Secure Information Store
Tech Advantage
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.