Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Command for Networks   Auvik Pre-Defined Alerts and NOC Support
Auvik Pre-Defined Alerts and NOC Support
Last updated
Oct 18, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Auvik Pre-Defined Alerts
Overview

Refer to the table below for the list of Auvik pre-defined alerts and the conditions that trigger them. When Auvik alerts are generated, the NOC creates a ticket and assigns it to you.

Auvik Pre-Defined Alerts

Note: Any alerts that are Disabled in Auvik, whether by default or by custom configuration, are not generated and therefore are not routed through the NOC.

Alert Name	Trigger Condition	Default Alert Status in Auvik*	Auvik Severity Status	ConnectWise Severity Status	Calling Configured**
Elite (legacy)	Essential
*High Broadcast Traffic	Total Packet Count is greater than 5,000,000 and Total Broadcast Packet Percentage is greater than 20.0%.	Enabled	Critical	Critical Impact	Yes	Yes
*High CPU Utilization	CPU Utilization is greater than 90.0%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Impact	No	No
*High Memory Utilization	Memory Utilization is greater than 90.0%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Impact	No	No
*Configuration Backup Retrieval	Configuration was not retrieved recently.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
*High Interface Utilization	Interface Utilization is greater than 80.0%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
*Packet Discard(s)	Greater than 10,000 Packet Discards on a device over 5 minutes.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
*Packet Error(s)	Greater than 10,000 Packet Errors on a device over 5 minutes.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Infrastructure Device Offline	Device Type is "Infrastructure Device" and Online Status is "Offline".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Impact	No	No
Interface Status Mismatch	Admin Status of $interfaceAdminStatus does not match Operational Status of $interfaceOpStatus.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Impact	No	No
Internet Connection is Lost	Service Status is "Down"	Enabled	Critical	Critical Impact	Yes	Yes
Network Element Offline	Device Type is "Network Element" and Online Status is "Offline".	Enabled	Critical	Critical Impact	Yes	Yes
UPS - Possible Power Outage	UPS - Current Failure Reason is not "Self Test" and UPS - Input/Output Status is "On Battery Power".	Enabled	Critical	Critical Impact	Yes	Yes
Virtual Appliance Offline	Virtual Appliance Connection State is "Connected" and Approval Status is "Approved".	Enabled	Informational	Critical Impact	No	No
VPN Remote Gateway Is Lost	Service Status is "Down".	Disabled	Critical	Critical Impact	Yes	Yes
Configuration Backup	Device Configuration Backup	Disabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Configuration Restored	Device Type is "Network Element" and Backed-up Config is "Restored".	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Default Route Change	Device contains a default gateway and default route changed.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Different Subnets	On Connected Interfaces Subnets are not equal.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Different VLAN Number	On Connected Interfaces VLAN Numbers are not equal.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Different VLAN Types	On Connected Interfaces VLAN Types are not equal.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Distributed File System Replication is Degraded	State is "Degraded"	Enabled	Critical	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
Firmware Change on Network Element	Device Type is "Network Element" and Firmware Version is changed.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
High Storage Utilization	Device Storage Utilization is greater than 80%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Interface Duplex Mismatch	Connected Interfaces have different Duplex settings	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
No IP Address	IP Address Count is 0.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Non-Routable IP	IP Reference is "Non-routable"	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Input Tray Missing	Printer - Input Tray Missing is "True".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Low Ink Level	Printer - Supply Level (%) is less than or equal to 20.0%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Low Paper	Printer - Low Paper is "True".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Out of Ink	Printer - Supply Level (%) is 0%.	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Output Tray Missing	Printer - Output Tray Missing is "True".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Out of Paper	Printer - Out of Paper is "True".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer Offline	Device online status is "Offline".	Disabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Printer - Paper Jammed	Printer - Paper Jammed is " True".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Recent Vmware Snapshot Not Taken	Age of the Last Snapshot (in Days) is greater than 3.	Disabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Route Not Used	Configured Route is empty.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
Spanning Tree Change	Port state changed	Enabled	Critical	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
Stack Switch Member Status Change	Member status is no longer ready.	Enabled	Critical	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
Stack Switch Port Status Change	Port status is no longer up.	Enabled	Critical	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
Trunk Port Not Shared	Interface is "Trunk" and VLAN Count is 1.	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
UPS - Battery Needs To Be Replaced	UPS - Replace Battery is "True"	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
UPS - Low battery Charge	UPS - Percent Charged is less than or equal to 20.0%.	Enabled	Critical	Critical Non-Impact	Yes	Yes
Virtual Appliance Discovery	New Virtual Appliance discovered and Connection State is "Connected".	Enabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
VLAN with no Interfaces	Network Type is "VLAN" and Assigned Interfaces is "None".	Enabled	Informational	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
VMware Snapshot Repository Size Exceeded	Size of All Snapshots is greater than 50 GiB(s).	Disabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
VMware Snapshot Limit Exceeded	Number of Snapshots for this Virtual Machine is greater than 5.	Disabled	Warning	Critical Non-Impact	No	No
*For sites running on the Elite service level (for partners who activated Command for Networks prior to December 2018), the NOC attempts to remediate alerts marked with an asterisk ( *) before generating a ticket and assigning it to you.
** These columns indicate which conditions the NOC notifies you by phone call if phone notification is configured in the site's notification template.
Onboarding and Configuring the ConnectWise–Auvik Integration Command for Networks Service Levels
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Onboarding and Configuring the ConnectWise–Auvik Integration
Command for Networks Service Levels
Auvik Device Management
Auvik TrafficInsights
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.