Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Command for Networks   Auvik Device Management
Auvik Device Management
Last updated
Mar 9, 2021
Table of contents
Overview
Adding a Device to Management
Unmanaging Devices
How to Unmanage a Device
How to Delete a Device
Identifying Devices in the Network Map
Billable Devices
Overview

Refer to the sections in this document for instructions on how to:

Add a device to management
Unmanage a device (to stop monitoring and billing for a device)
Delete a device (to stop monitoring and billing for a device and additional downstream devices)
Refer to the Billable Devices section for a list of billable devices.
Adding a Device to Management
In the Auvik portal, click on Discovery in the side navigation bar.
Click the Manage Devices tab.
In the displayed list of devices, find the device you want to add to management. Click the check box at the beginning of a device row to select it.
Click the Manage button.
Confirm that the device should be added to management by clicking Manage.

Unmanaging Devices

Unmanaging a device in your Auvik portal:

Stops monitoring for the device
Removes the device from billing
How to Unmanage a Device
In the Auvik portal, click on Discovery in the side navigation bar.
Click the Manage Devices tab.
In the displayed list of devices, find the device you want to unmanage. Click the check box at the beginning of a device row to select it.
Click the Unmanage button.
Confirm that the device should no longer be managed by clicking Unmanage.

How to Delete a Device

Deleting a device in your Auvik portal removes the device, and any downstream network devices, from monitoring and billing.

Downstream refers to devices positioned in the network chain below the device to be deleted. When deleting a device, you should ensure that you are not unintentionally pruning additional downstream devices or device subnets. Refer to the Identifying Devices in the Network Map section below for more details.

Note: Deleting a device removes it from your list of managed devices and purges all the data associated with its IP address. Note, however, that if Auvik later discovers the same IP address on a subsequent network scan, the device reappears in your list of managed devices.

To delete a device:

In the Auvik portal, click on Discovery in the side navigation bar.
Click the Manage Devices tab.
In the displayed list of devices, find the device you want to delete. Click the check box at the beginning of a device row to select it.
Click the Delete button.
Confirm that the device should be deleted by clicking Delete.
Identifying Devices in the Network Map

You can use Auvik's network map to identify device IP addresses and verify a device's relative position in the network chain. This can be helpful for ensuring that downstream devices are not unintentionally removed when deleting a specific device.

In the screenshot below, clicking on the Switch-12 icon populates the switch's IP address in Auvik's Dashboard/Device Details section.

You can then copy and paste the device IP address into the Discovery/Manage Devices search field.

In this example, clicking Delete would remove Switch-12 and the subnet of devices attached to it. To delete an individual device in the switch's subnet, click on a respective device icon in the site map, identify the device's IP address, and repeat this same procedure.

Billable Devices

These devices are billable devices:

Routers
Switches, including Layer 3, VoIP switches, and switch stacks
Firewalls
Controllers
Load balancers
Packet processors
Command for Networks Service Levels Auvik TrafficInsights
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Onboarding and Configuring the ConnectWise–Auvik Integration
Auvik Pre-Defined Alerts and NOC Support
Command for Networks Service Levels
Auvik TrafficInsights
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.