Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Communicator User Guide   Communicator Configuration
Communicator Configuration
Last updated
Nov 17, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Editing the Communicator Policy
Communicator Policy Configurations
Default Menus
Branding
Custom Menus
Overview

You can configure the Communicator while creating or editing the Communicator Policy.

Editing the Communicator Policy

You can edit the Communicator Policy in two ways:

You can update the Communicator Policy assigned to the site from the Policy Page:
Endpoints > Policies & Packages >  Select Required Policy > Edit.
You can update the Communicator Policy for a separate endpoint within the site from the Devices Page:
Endpoints > Devices > Select required endpoint > Settings > Devices > Communicator > Edit.

You can also remove all custom changes to a separate endpoint within the site by clicking Remove Overrides
Communicator Policy Configurations

The Communicator can be configured as part of the Policy settings. You can enable or disable default menus, apply tray branding, or configure custom menus.

Default Menus

These are a set of default menus which can be enabled to customize features of Communicator as shown here:

Branding

By enabling the Communicator tray branding features, you can customize the icon settings and the related text.

Note:

A valid 32x32 pixels, ICO or PNG file must be uploaded for the icon to work correctly on Windows.
A valid 16x16 pixels, PNG file must be uploaded for the icon to work correctly on Mac.
Custom Menus

Enabling custom menus allows you to customize the menu names and URLs associated with them.

All Policy configuration is reflected on the Communicator desktop tray in three to five minutes.

Note: You can execute custom tasks using Communicator.

 

 

Communicator Branding Communicator Customization
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Communicator Assignment
Communicator Default Menus
Communicator Branding
Communicator Customization
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.