Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Communicator User Guide   Communicator Default Menus
Communicator Default Menus
Last updated
Aug 20, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Help Desk Chat 
System Information
Contact Details
Maintenance Tasks
Overview

Under the Communicator Settings, you can enable the default menus you require. More information on the default menus can be found in this article.

Help Desk Chat 
Once the Help Desk Chat is enabled on the Communicator Policy the corresponding menu is displayed in the Communicator tray of the assigned endpoints.
If the end-user clicks on the HelpDesk Chat menu, they are redirected to the Helpdesk chat tool.
The end-user needs to enter the required information:
Last Name (mandatory)
Email (mandatory)
Phone (mandatory)
Secondary Phone
The end-user can then start their conversation with ConnectWise Support.

Note: Help Desk Chat will only work on endpoints within Sites that have the Help Desk service enabled.

System Information
Once the System Information is enabled in the Communicator Policy the corresponding menu is displayed on the Communicator tray assigned to the required endpoint.
If the end-user clicks on the System Information menu, the window with a summary of the machine's system information is shown.

The end-user can copy all the information to the clipboard by clicking Copy.
Contact Details
Once the Contact Details are enabled in the Communicator Policy, the corresponding menu is displayed on the Communicator tray assigned to the required endpoint.
If the end-user clicks on the Contact Details menu, a window shows the MSP contact details which are added to Admin > My Company > Profile.
If you make changes in Admin > My Company > Profile, those changes will be reflected in the tray only after Policy configurations are re-saved.

Maintenance Tasks
Once the Maintenance Tasks menu is enabled on the Communicator Policy,  you are able to select the exact tasks that should be reflected in the Communicator tray.
After enabling the tasks, the end-user is able to execute the required tasks from the Communicator tray's Maintenance task options.
If the user clicks on the corresponding tasks menu the following notifications appear:
If the task is started successfully:

If the task is completed successfully:

If the task is failed

Communicator Customization Communicator Hidden Mode
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Communicator Configuration
Communicator Assignment
Communicator Branding
Communicator Customization
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.