Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Communicator User Guide   Communicator Messaging
Communicator Messaging
Last updated
Dec 23, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Communicator Menu
Notifications Historical List
Send Message from the Device page
Overview

You can send messages to the end user from the ConnectWise Asio® platform in two ways: from the Devices page and from the Communicator menu. While creating the message, you can configure the scheduled date for the message to be sent, set the expiration date for the message, request a response from the end user, and configure predefined reply options. The sent message will be displayed on the end user's desktop in a pop-up window and stored in the Communicator Historical List.

Communicator Menu

The Communicator menu is located in the left navigation menu of the Asio platform.

In the Communicator menu, you can:

Send messages to the end user
Review the following sent message details:
text
send date
scheduled date
expiration date
the number of users who read the message
reply provided by the end user
Delete sent and scheduled messages

Review the sent message details




Delete message

Send message

While creating the message, you can select the recipient, configure the scheduled date, set the expiration date, request a response from the end user, and configure predefined reply options.




When the message is sent, the end user sees it on the desktop in a pop-up window and in the historical list.

Request the response from the end user:

Free-flow text

Static Options

Notifications Historical List

Right-clicking the tray icon opens the Notification Historical list, which keeps all messages you send to the end-user. 

The Notification Historical list allows the end user to:

Review messages

Provide a reply to messages

Review the replies they have sent.

Note: A message will appear in the Historical list until its expiration date.

Send Message from the Device page
To send a Message from the Devices page, navigate to Endpoints > Devices > Select required endpoint > Manage > Send Message

Type out your message, select your preferences, and click Send.

The audit of messages sent via Communicator are also visible in the Centralized Audit Trail:

 

Communicator Hidden Mode Communicator Permissions
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Communicator Configuration
Communicator Assignment
Communicator Default Menus
Communicator Branding
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.