Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Communicator User Guide   Communicator Scripting
Communicator Scripting
Last updated
Sep 30, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
How to set up Communicator Scripting
Overview

The Communicator Scripts menu allows you to assign Scripts to the Communicator menu for the end-users to execute. The new menu option for Custom scripts is available in Policies.

How to set up Communicator Scripting
Navigate to Endpoints > Policies > Devices and select your communicator policy.
Find the section for Custom Scripts.

You can select any existing scripts to add here.

Note: The Communicator policy supports only partner-created Scripts that do not contain parameters (one or more variables that a partner can define when scheduling the Script).

The script name that is shown in the tray menu can be defined in the Policy with by editing the Friendly Name field to make it easier for the end-users to identify the action performed by the script.

Once you have finished naming the scripts and your Policy is saved, the corresponding script is reflected on the Communicator tray under the Scripts menu.
Only scripts that are available for the operating system will be shown. (Only macOS scripts are shown on macOS machines and only Windows scripts are shown on Windows machines.)
 If the Script is deleted, the script will still show in the Communicator tray, but the end-user won't be able to execute it.
To remove the deleted script from Communicator, you must update the Policy settings.

 

Communicator Permissions Communicator Ticketing
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Communicator Configuration
Communicator Assignment
Communicator Default Menus
Communicator Branding
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.