Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Communicator User Guide   Communicator Ticketing
Communicator Ticketing
Last updated
Dec 2, 2025
Table of contents
Overview
Ticket Distribution
Creating a Ticket
Overview

Your end-users can send a ticket from the Communicator if this option is enabled in the Policy. Navigate to one of the following locations to view and enable these settings.

Endpoints > Packages > Select Required Policy > Edit

Endpoints > Devices > Select required endpoint > Settings > Devices > Communicator > Edit > Save
Ticket Distribution

Depending on how your policy is set up, your tickets will be sent to different locations:

If the Policy is configured to send tickets to Partner, the ticket will be assigned to you.
If the Policy is configured to send tickets to the Helpdesk, the ticket will be assigned to the Helpdesk.

Creating a Ticket

Once Create Ticket is enabled in the Policy, the option to create a ticket is in the Communicator tray.

When a user creates a ticket, they can click the tab button to fill out the ticket details.

When entering a phone number, we support different formats and some special characters.

Phone numbers can only contain numbers and the following special characters: "-", "." and "()"
When the ticket is submitted, the following formats should will work:
2124567890
212-456-7890
(212)456-7890
(212)-456-7890
212.456.7890

An Error message is shown if you enter an invalid phone number (Non-numeric and unacceptable special characters ** values), You will not be able to submit the ticket until these are corrected.

The sent tickets will be displayed to the partner in the following locations:

Endpoints > Devices > Device Details > Tickets
Service Delivery > Tickets (Legacy)
Your PSA System (if you have set up this integration)
The Help Desk System (if the ticketing is configured to be sent to the HD)

 

Communicator Scripting ConnectWise RMM Release Notes
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Communicator Configuration
Communicator Assignment
Communicator Default Menus
Communicator Branding
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.