Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Devices Page   HyperV and VMware Virtualization   HyperV and VMware Power Actions
HyperV and VMware Power Actions
Last updated
Aug 16, 2024
Table of contents
Overview
Power Options Permissions
Legacy Default Access
Application Roles
Power Options – Enable / Disable
Other information
Overview

Hyper-V & VMware Power Actions on the Asio™ platform (ITSupport portal) enable users to manage the VMs state from the Virtualization page. Users can Start, Stop, Pause, Resume, or Restart the VM depending on the current state of the VM.

Note: If the Host machine is offline, the action column will not be displayed to the user even though you have Power Actions permission enabled.

Power Options Permissions

The Power actions are permission-driven, meaning if permission is enabled for Power Options, you will see an action column against the VMs on the Virtualization tab. Refer to Custom Application Roles for more information about non-default access permissions.
If you do not have permission enabled, the Action column is not visible for your role or user account.
The Power Options permission is enabled by default for the Super Admin role. The Primary Super Admin and Super Admin can enable or disable the Power Options permission for other roles in the hierarchy or for any user profile.
Legacy Default Access

Application Roles

Important: You must opt in from the Asio platform to access Application Roles in ConnectWise Home. Primary Admin or Super Primary Admin permissions in Asio and Admin permissions in Home are required to perform this action. Please refer to Custom Application Roles to learn how to opt into this feature and switch from the Asio platform's legacy Default Access user management system.

Permission for Power Actions can be applied to a role in ConnectWise Home via User & Application Settings > Application Roles > Devices > Virtualization > Power Actions > Enable. Assign this role to the users you want to have Power Action permission.

Power Options – Enable / Disable

The Power options icon in the Action Column will be enabled or disabled for that VM based on the machine's current state.

If a machine is already in the Start State, then the Start button will be disabled and the Stop button will be enabled
If a machine is already in the Stop state, then the Start button will be enabled and the Stop button will be disabled
Other information

When either of the options (Start or Stop) is performed on any VM, the corresponding icon will be replaced by an in-progress icon, and on the tooltip, it will show In-progress.

If an action performed on any machine has failed, the corresponding action icon color turns red. It will remain red unless the screen is refreshed or any other action is performed on that same machine, and it receives a success or a failure. The hover tooltip will also say that the particular action has failed.

HyperV and VMware Virtualization Virtualization FAQs
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
Virtualization FAQs
Devices Overview
The information on the Device list provides a high-level view of all sites or filtered sites and includes easy-to-view details for applicable endpoint...
Device Details Screen
Custom Fields
Custom Fields are additional data points you can create in the ConnectWise Asio® platform to record information not collected by the agent or unavaila...
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.