Skip to main content

 

ConnectWise University
Welcome back Kyle
Home
Implementation
Support
Resources
My Learning
Documentation
Consulting
Community
What's New
 ConnectWise RMM   Expert Services   ConnectWise Network Operations Center - NOC   Changes to NOC Proactive Remediation
Changes to NOC Proactive Remediation
Last updated
Jul 18, 2023
Table of contents
Overview
Overview

For Elite partners with sites/servers set to NOC Access Level 3, the NOC proactively implements solutions for a number of issues that previously required partner approval. Refer to the table below for a specific list of activities and applicable conditions.

Activity	Conditions (if any)
1	Install hotfixes as part of troubleshooting steps	 
2	Configure page file setting/Move pagefile to another drive	 
3	Disconnecting Idle Sessions on Terminal Servers	 
4	Windows Disk Defrag on Servers	 
5	Updating third-party applications	 
6	Hardware Driver updates	The NOC will perform this for branded Servers wherein the driver updates are readily available. For assembled or customized Servers, the MSP must perform this activity.
7	Configure Spam Filter	 
8	Restart management services on VMware	 
9	Reboot Host VM	Before rebooting the host, if the NOC finds VMs that are not managed by ConnectWise, the NOC will seek approval from the MSP.
10	Purge VMware Logs	 
11	Installation of VMware Patches as part of troubleshooting activity	 
12	Update/Change SharePoint Farm credentials when the account credentials expire/get disabled	The NOC will share the credentials with the MSP if we reset/change the account credentials
13	SQL (database) LDF file shrink	 
14	Opening ports / Changing firewall configuration as a part of troubleshooting	The NOC can perform this action if it is a part of agent troubleshooting (agent not communicating with the Data Center). The NOC can also open the standard ports that applications need like Exchange/BB etc. For anything else, the NOC will seek approval.
15	Install Hotfix for Symantec Backup Exec (Symantec LivUpdate)	 
16	Symantec Backup - Logon account changes from user to local or local to user	 
17	Symantec Backup - Storage device configuration changes	 
18	Symantec Backup - Selection list modification. (Invalid Directory)  	 
19	Excluding Symantec files from AV scan	 
20	Re-register Symantec/VSS dlls and binaries	 
21	Vsphere Installation other than probe machine	 

 

 

 

 

ConnectWise Network Operations Center - NOC Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Leave feedback
Recommended articles
NOC Access Levels
NOC Service Statement of Work
Setting NOC Access Levels
Enabling Automatic Credentials for Servers and Desktops
 

ConnectWise.com

University Help

Contact Us

Live Chat

     

© ConnectWise. All Rights Reserved.